You know what I do is write for children, and, in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can show you as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here to talk to you about circles and epiphanies.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that happened to you somewhere.
You just have to turn to the apple to look at it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bellways.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk to you about.
My circle began in the '60s in middle school, at Stanford, Ohio where I was the rare of class.
That they hit to bleed every week in the bathroom of the boys, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when I was allowed to get into the bathroom of the teachers.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to leave the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that master, the Paris lady that said,``I need to see you.
I'm a disillusioned that adults never get to know.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man who I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laugh, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be sophisticated.
We found a place, we organized it, and we care about it, and we got rid of their family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And so as the woman I wanted to know as a adult came to know, he became a box box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about was made present.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that I'm talking a lot about this.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first points.
I was amazed.
My heart fast, I was dizzy, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The organs around me about the water, almost 60 meters, and I couldn't think I could think that it was a snow of snow on another year after year.
The genes are born when they get off the glacier or break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to melt and get clinging down to the end, whereas others can't support it more and fall into an dramatic passion approach.
It's easy to think, when you see a eardrum, that are isolated apart and alone, as much as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As an iceberg melts, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts releases rich water water in mineral minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I approached myself to photograph these pulses as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments, they're not going to be back in that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not a end, but a continuation of his way for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice that I photographed is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you are from a eardrum that I photographed in Kenya, Greenland.
It's little enough to really get to introduce a flash.
Here you have.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your floating line.
You can see here, start to roll, the ship has moved to the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a geneticist from Greenland, in average size.
It's about 120 feet or 40 meters.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of a baby.
So two couples every one with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception, you're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm comes to the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm binds into the X chromosome of the egg.
They both understand and started life.
Let's go back to talk about them later.
In my ground activity, I'll get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm a history of training, and what I study in this case is the way people absorb the anatomy -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how have the body fluids consider, the idea of the body, what you've thought about the body.
The other role that I performance in my work is an activist, as a advocate advocate or, as I say sometimes, patient advocate of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with sensor twins, two people inside the same body.
I've worked with people with finance -- people much lower than average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical biology doesn't fit in the male and female problems.
In general lines, we can call it responsibility.
It took a lot of shapes.
I'm going to put you some examples of ways to have a sex that doesn't get involved in male or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual with the economic stick of the common sea that gene Roman from the chromosome and says to the projections, that we all have in the fatal life, that they become testicles.
And then, in the metal life, the testes produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sensitivity syndrome to the margins.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops by following a typically female course.
When you're born, the baby looks like a girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the strands, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something's going on.
After doing tests, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is you can think it's a man, but it's actually not like that.
Women, like men, have in the body something called the sophisticated glands.
They're on the back of the body.
The regular glands produce anti-makers, the hormone of pollination.
Most women like me, I consider a typical woman -- doesn't know their Islamic structure; I believe to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to anti-makers.
We produce estrogen and respond to the hydrogen.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the margins that the woman who was born with the testes of sensitivity to the margins.
So sex is a complicated thing . It's not that the insects are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as you'll see; I had a girlfriend, and I had a little bit of a life, and she had a life like a kid and he just discovered that he had ovaries and she had a uterus.
It had a extreme form of a known disease as a sensitive sensitive hyperglycemia.
It had 20 chromosomes, and in the uterus, the regular glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were male, their brain was exposed to the typically male component.
I was born with a kid; nobody suspected anything.
And it was at 19 years old when he started having medical problems caused by internal instruction, when doctors found that, in fact, it was woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of responsibility.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what's known as algaes, that is, they have an empty tissue wrapped in strange tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason that children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're an dwarf, whether you're a sensor, or your sensory twins, are subjected to unfortunate surgery is not to be able to support a better physical health.
In many cases people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being woman is to have female identity; supposedly, being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you introduce a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with the categorize.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about the individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born as two people within a body.
The most legal case is last year with the South African cartoon singing Mandela; it was put in the trial of his sex on the international Games of Berlin.
A lot of reporters called to ask me,``What are you going to do to determine whether Casey Stevenson is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't trace a single line between men and women or men and international and women and women, and we're all the people who are pulling that line.
So, what we have is a situation where the most progress science advances, we have to admit that these categories were stable anatomic categories that correspond directly with stable identities -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What's we going to do about the fact of them in just a few nucleotides?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we're working are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in every human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human and it has different rights to the challenges.
There are very heated arguments today, maybe not in public, but I know within medicine, when someone gets sick.
Our ancestors never had to throw them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them, they put a pen in front of the nose, and if you moved still not.
If I stopped moving the buried.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to actually determine someone's death, and this puts us into a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could pick someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
It will feel that these categories are much more unstable than we thought of.
I feel from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a advertise of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much watching that music``77"and not for music, which is totally impossible.
That's why it happened in 1877 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of the anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as everybody remembers, what our founding parents rejected was the idea of monarchy . The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world markets didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power was coming to the right of blood transmission to the father and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it for a new anatomic concept and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the field of play, and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the atomic differences . That was something very radical.
And partly they were doing it because they were part of a distributed system that they were spending two things.
She was spending democracy, and at the same time, science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, which many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were distance from supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of supernatural power that goes from a proper idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and God's nature.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in fact, they were bringing us the idea of the atomic coincidence.
And by doing that, they were sitting down the future of the future of civil rights.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then he came to the success of the Civil Rights movement with people who are the members of Sergerist Treaty, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color who appeal to atomic awareness about atomic difference, and again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the Movement of disability.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence, we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give you a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean we should give them to the anatomy.
I don't mean that five year-olds were needed to be allowed to have sex or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that make sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both sides of 1979 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: one in June 1.
Henry, along the contrary, was born in terms, was born on March 1.
For the only fact that we've been born three months before Mary is attribute all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because he was born after.
We found other races relative to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told them if it's Liby, in virtue of being considered man now, it's possible for the mandatory development that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary, for his part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still persist atomic categories that in various aspects are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a based democracy based on the anatomy could be unlocked?
I don't want to leave science, but at the same time I feel like science is escapes.
Where are we going?
It looks like what happens in our culture is sort of a pragmatic attitude:``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are stuck in a rare position.
For example: Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to have chromosome, and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't make any animal exams.
But this is also very strange, given the story that told them at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the margins.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I've been talking to a solution.
He says we should judge people``based not in the color of their skin, but in the contents of their character ,"going beyond the anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people in the basis of your character?
I want to point out also that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people, because I have to admit that I know from some of the trees that are likely to deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some words that I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships that people from 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content content?
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured by an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I do know is that it seems to be very important than the United States keeps pushing this relative to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we will do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian that a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to join a change of sex, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I spoke with a couple of years ago that I had made light twin to then separate them and so on and so forth.
But when the phone asked the concept of operation, it was a very risky operation, it responded to me that in that other country, these children would be very abused, and so I had to do it.
And I said,``Well, has the political asylum instead of the surgical separation? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I mean something a little bit radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different atomic technologies, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, given that I've been interested in intelligence, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interesting me are the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about cultural studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average tend to pay attention to complex social relationships and care of those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
A few years ago, when I was in the graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism, I was considered feminist, as I was now made an odd headline.
\" Tell me what has the feminist of the feminism . ''
And I thought,``It's the dumbest question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with the gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I have thought about his question, the more it has seemed to me that there's something female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, in average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more intense to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable social relationships.
So, if the parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people from the state, it's possible that, if we've injected more mothers to this concept, we might have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And perhaps that's what we have to do in the future when we bring democracy beyond the anatomy: thinking less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So, as we try to create a more perfect union, think about what we do for others.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to consider how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where they want to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, at this point we're far from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't tell a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their cost of construction.
So we could easily deliver the world tens, perhaps hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replaced by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already owned, and that the other half would still be missing to do it.
They could try to increase the capacity by doing wider in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid discomfort and building distractions.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those similarities.
But they could go to a whole new place, build a whole new apartment building, always and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting them together.
So I proposed that governments create new sources of reforms, big enough to contain cities and gave them a name: cities under status.
Later, I learned that more or less at the same time, Harlem and Kanan were thinking about the challenge of reforming Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 citizens would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras passed by a predatory constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, dust London is automatically imposed with a platform in which promises reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked Kosovo who was his chief chief.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of reasoning, trial and error and a lot of trials with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under subject to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bothered all the current residents of apartments.
We paid a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies to progress, and they're usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent him to eighth a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed him to Harlem.
They called me.
They said,``Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York . Notice that, in some cases, they're worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, Michael said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where it starts with folded terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and a choice for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those standards.
So the president of Honduras called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way our country advances.
He asked me to go to Wikipedia and talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the fans that to build a new city, you have to start with a place that lives at least 1,000 square miles.
That's more than 100,000 acres.
Everybody applaud miserably.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader approached the platform and said,``Professor Aimee, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer . ''
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essential thing -- that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice for a city that could be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it also included new choices for leaders.
Because the government's government leaders would need the help of countries associated, they could benefit from the countries associated that they would help them set up and make the rules of the status, so that they could all trust that the state effectively delivers.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could easily be a thousand square kilometers.
And soon after, on January 19, they voted in Congress to sell their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow us to create these special regions of development.
In a country that has just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in the Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was 24 to one.
All the parties, all the conditions in society, supported it.
To include the Constitution, you have to be approved twice in Congress.
February 17th was passed again in another voting, from 111 to one.
Immediately after the voting, of 21 to 24 of February, an addiction of about 30 citizens went to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in cities building.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new grand center of the city that's building in South Korea; it's bigger than the Boston center.
All you see there was built in four years, after four years, getting permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about it in practice, this is the point where we are.
They have a place, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow administrators to come, and maybe allowed to operate under a external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Court Court to be the last time court for this new judicial system.
There are urbanism and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has already solved is that they have a good number of people.
There are many companies that wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who'd like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they'd like to change each other.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to get a job; sometimes they're mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What seems to think about to insist for families to choose between several cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my dad friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I am Jesus, and this is my fault.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with the costumes.
I love to find, dressed up, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, traveled, colorful and different suits for every single occasion.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothing is a second hand of thumb markets and some sense stores.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my clothes in the environment and my wallet.
I get to know interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause; my voice is unique; and buying becomes my personal search for treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
It's going to be my towel?
I like color?
It's less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to my colleague, I want to tell you what I'm packing for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've been seven pairs of underwear, and nothing else.
Now, the interior clothing for exactly one week is everything I've put on my fault.
I imagine it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after I get to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks for TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this glowing tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can almost always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost biologically impossible to be from bad mood, when you're wearing a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is accepted.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself, and at the same time.
Just yourself.
If you surround you from the right people, you won't just understand yourself, you'll also appreciate.
Wednesday: The child you take in.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the differences, or that I remind them to their little seven-year-old.
I like to smile you and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: Self-confidence is the key.
If you think you're okay with something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until 30 years that really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, there's no look you cannot attract.
So there's no excuse for any of this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lentils go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: develop a personal style of personal, unique way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little leap.
So before I went home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to become emotionally attached to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful, brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we used a scale to measure the activity of every hemisphere, we could design a plane of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who's completely logical.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So where would you locate your brain on this scale?
Some would take one of these extremes, but I think for most of the integrate of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great attitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need fairly logical to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make the experiments work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And some intuition that you may have developed over the course of the years is the one that says one thing can be just in a place at once.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember observing a kid playing in a parking bar.
It was a little boy, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet the game with that parking bar taught a valuable lesson, and it's that big things don't allow them to transplant them, and they stay in a place.
This is a big conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you're a particle physics.
It would be a terrible model for particle physics, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all sorts of really weird things -- like they can walk walls, or that can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called the theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need it to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't really play with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if it's all made of little particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then it shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a post-consumption of quantum mechanics.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the goal of metal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then here we make a really large approach to the little metal plot.
What we see is a little piece of metal, with a form of transparency, and that it turns out in a platform.
And so I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole with a form of swimming swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a elevator alone, I do all sorts of weird things, but then when other people are going to stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companions in the inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that happens next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this metal piece according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn off the lights, then we introduced a vacuum, and we extracted all the air, and then we cooled it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, when you're just in the elevator, the little metal piece is free to act as you want.
So we measure their movements.
We discovered that it moves in very strange ways.
Instead of staying still, I was vibrating, and the way that it was vibrating was like a breath in this form -- like a postage that expands and contract.
And by giving you a smooth, you could make it vibrate, and that doesn't vibrate at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and doesn't judge at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case: all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still in the same time, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain times when those are aligned.
In the rest of the time they are discovered.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Really.
It was worth it in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one single atom and that metal piece of metal is kind of the same as the difference between that metal piece and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was discovered in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we switched the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that metal followed there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just done in a little space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claim that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep rarity of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Luria.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another work at Google, until he launched the idea of doing something related to museum and art to my boss that allowed me to do it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories are safe, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There are a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is explained simply in this slide, and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
It's a piece of education -- not complained, but I had no access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and go to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better to show you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just: go to Protection.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Fred Gallery, MoMA, the Mississippi, the Beijidg, the Van Gogh.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, the Mexico, the New York City Museum.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click, and, I mean, we're inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that really doesn't matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate for the museum?
We opened the flat up, and, with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep forward . You're fun!
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Leaps"from Peter Browne in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign sign.
If museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata data.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the accident technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 million pixels.
And there's a lot of people who ask me,``What do you get about 10 million pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 million pixel pixels.
It can do animals around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this kid, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to get deep.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this looks interesting . ''
I came in and found that kids were actually playing something.
I did a little bit, I spoke to some people in the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear], which is to hit an eye with a stick the Tuesday Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take away the image, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're quickly going to jump into MoMA again in New York.
Here's another one of my favorite,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the cliffs?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It goes up and it really does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this frame, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``The night star ,"I think I had never seen that before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called``Collectives . ''
All of you, all of you, no matter whether you're rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we come in, I've created this function that I call``The power of the Arab ,"we've just made a volcano around.
This is``The ambassadors"at the National Gallery of London.
You can pull things up, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel like you're looking at these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think that all the incredible things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even come from the museum.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
They actually come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, do justice to its artwork, and that's actually represented online.
And the great question that you ask me today is:``Do you do this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to supplement experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon everyone.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it responsive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that something really interesting happened on the careers of Formula 1 in the last two decades.
Now, sometime ago, if you wanted to win a career from Formula 1, I would take a budget and I used it to a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you would win the race.
This is what, in engineering, will call control system in real time.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and a player.
What's interesting today is that the control systems in real time are starting to get into our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered of networks and electronics.
They're turning computers to free air.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and excited.
Cities are big.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the Earth's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and up to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be something big.
Beyond cities, all these skills and activation are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Packa Lindbergh for the end of the year in MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Tali Man . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, begin to talk to us.
And in a way, it's like almost all of these existing atoms became sensors and actuators.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans have the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo wrote the Moses, he says, at the end, he took the hammer and threw it back to the Moses, and you can still see a little mile underneath and he said,``Would you don't think? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples -- insist in the idea of capturing the environment and to act something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of them remember it, and they played Italy and France, and at the end of Day, he gave the head.
And anyway, at the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity on the net.
Here we see the city.
You see the collision in the middle and the The Thames.
It's the morning, before play.
The timeline is at the top.
In the late afternoon, there are people over here, and there making calls, moving.
It starts the game: silence.
Great de France . Great De Italy.
The people do a quick call, and it goes to the bathroom.
Second time . End of the food time.
First extra time, second.
Life, and at a time, the head.
He won Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called circus Massachusetts where, from the golden time, people will celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse pulse in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
We now know everything about the decline of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things are going.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were landing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that they would all throw out.
Then we put a little chip, a tag, to the garbage, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of dynamics in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
They're happening complex things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we see every day that the cup that we face doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on one day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Sahara Beight, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Jerusalem.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and Southern Europe have a beautiful tradition of water in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will add to that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was: imagine they have a cup and valves, solar valves, texts that open and shut up.
It's created as a curtain of water, with water pixels.
If you close the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when you get closer, the curtain will open so that we can happen, as you see in the image.
We introduced this to the Bell Mayor.
He liked a lot.
And he assigned a commission to design the building to the entrance entrance.
We call it Tibet of Digital Water.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors, no windows, but when you get closer to you so you can happen.
The roof is also covered from water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the hopes, the roof goes down.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days, there will be somebody, in the winter, when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said,``You know, they gave the building . ''
No, it's not that they've been demolished, but when it comes down almost all architecture disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to don't let me test the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened a night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Brazil came to the building because the way they interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go through, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes and you had to jump to not get wet.
And for us, that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give us our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels, the water pixels, and of projections on them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one that we saw before, that moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
Sort of flexible display like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where it changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different kind.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be able to have a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can close to, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the actual Coloris Parkinson, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn light up, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have each pixel with a entrance that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Blue -- the best ballet dancers of today, the star star of New York and from the Milan Island to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an input for the Franklin.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and motion, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the France.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the Olympics of London.
It's called the Cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- as a clouds of clouds like the calf of the big, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make everyone donated a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened over the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we went from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time, the campaign of Obama showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges: think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but it's covered by pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from below, it will serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up with, like a new top of London.
You can go into there.
Like a new digital sphere at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- by a more accurate, more accurate and faster.
Or you might like to be in a better way, be stronger, have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of yourself?
How about a good health?
Or maybe these people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: creativity) creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Hands up . Let me see.
A few . It probably was to the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many would pick memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of it . That makes me feel very good as a doctor.
If you could have something about this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe possible?
Evolution has been a poet in the TED Conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great geneticist of the 20th century, Josh . So Santa, which was also complicated in the Sama Orthodox Russian, wrote a titled essay,``Nothing in biology makes sense except to the light of evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution, consider this: Is it just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at one end, is, of course, the most interesting us.
We went from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There has been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids.
Some of you have gone and go back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is kind of the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically impossible, that it comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all bring in the most bacteria gut that cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, do you think -- when Antonio Daman asks you about the expansion, you think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very tiring.
And we're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want without the effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some effective openness towards the output.
But therefore we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what about the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or would you become a different thing, something perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast, inclusive symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief compound -- the animal kingdom, as one and only companies; and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the fun part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I just went back to college, I had my first kind of biology.
It was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell simply divides and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when the multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It goes into the sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of death of the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess to you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sexually, sexual, death for sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that happened, every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns, which was still in the early Vegas, entered in his 90 years.
And one night somebody hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent dancer of clothes.
He looks at it, and he says,``I came in search for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"he says George,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradictory, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view you and I are like refugee rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next level, and then let us fall to sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily value the biggest or the strongest or even the smartest, and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the bacteria that can survive the heat of the smoking that would produce, if there were fish there, fish attached to the void, yet they've managed to make it a confident environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, to the next phase -- I would say that there are a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've known a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment for us to adapt to ourselves as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, we cut, and we're so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce a traditional kind of evolution of traditional, natural, imposed by forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution break slowly, but they are remarkable.
And in the way to isolation, when we sort of species, we create distant planets are going to exist, and the environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally.
But there's a third possibility, an attractive, intriguing possibility.
It's called the evolutionary call, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we'll take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen to individual and family level.
They think that if anything could be able to choose not only the sex of their offspring, but in their own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or eliminating the ticket?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be more and more possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and age 13 years old.
It costs 13.7 million dollars.
The next year, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months.
Today, you can get a full sequence of three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the $20,000 and a week.
I won't need a lot to make the human genome for $1,000 and getting more and more the grasp of all.
Those changes are coming.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
Believe or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the influenza of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the tobacco?
That's true today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine then just two other changes.
Can you change the cells of your bodies, but what if you could change your offspring cells?
What if they could change sperm and the valves, or change the Muslim value, and give their children a better chance of a healthy life, eliminating diabetes, eliminating the economist, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want any more healthy children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also embrace hypertenothes, a better memory.
Why not have the wit of an Ken Jennings especially if you could get it to the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why not have a muscle of concentration faster that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions of going through this to the next generation, and we can embrace the attributes that we wanted to become the evolution of before in evolutionary.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it occurred within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better, more successful, more considered society?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that's more boring and more uniform or more versatile?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about all: Are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions wisely?
For good, and before what I could think of, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're 3,000 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor doing a tail, circular, tail.
Close, calculated, calculated, south . It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the DDT.
It was the only one who could talk to the flight assistant.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot cats the plane with the Hudson River.
Now, usually that's not the route.
I switched the engines.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most challenging words I ever heard.
He said,``preparing for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought of all the people I wanted to get to, and I didn't, all the fences I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've ever wanted to have and never had.
As I was thinking about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``collector wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'll open it.
I don't want to take anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we invited the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't for much -- I thought,``Wow, I really feel a big weight . ''
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity I also give my ego.
And I regretted the time that I wasted in things that don't matter with people who care.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonder.
I'm no longer trying to be right; choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to say,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, wow, dying does not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for that all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness was embedded in a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- -- still . And scream, cry, like a small.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
So at that point, I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
For above all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I had a miracle, not dying that day.
And I had another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You're flying today, the challenges that imagine that the same thing is happening on your plane -- and please don't like that -- but imagine, and how do you change?
What do you do, you still expect to do because you think they're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked on was this guy.
The guy's called Testophere.
Stevens was one of the most important graffiti of the '80s.
One day came to his house after running and said,``Dad, I feel a stick on the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today, Anzy has a total paralysis.
It can only use the eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design firm and animation, so obviously graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, Andestone, and his cause.
So I went and met her brother and her father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with him? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, not that I've seen Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anyone to see the``firefillar and butterflies"movie?
They communicate in that way -- they're going to make it through the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I came up with the only wish to deliver a check and instead signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
I bought her brother and his father there at the time,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside can't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a couple of months later.
I met these guys called Goad Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface, and then, with a laser pointer, draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, they're part of a cycle of life.
They first start with the sexual organs, then with the bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and eventually people start doing art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of the stuff to move on one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies and we got a machine so that Anzy could communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing, and I call it a word because talking to the guy you get an email of him, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world literally on the corner of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved into the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and supplies and alternatives took the control of the house.
Many of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid, and that when we would have had taken away the squares of the walls and instead would have graffiti.
But for two weeks, we went to the sea of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Cartin, and you can see the description.
It's a couple of cheap sunglasses that we buy in the shipping move of Venice Beach, some wire wire and things from Homo Pick and Radio Samagian.
We take a webcam camera, we opened it, we put it on a light of LED, and there's a device that's free -- it builds yourself; we publish the free code the software is low in free form.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There is no hospital that can say``no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate with just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the Washington room.
I love this picture because this is another person's room, and that's his room.
There was all this balance and I run through the great duration.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions from all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall on the outside of the hospital.
And he came back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends, and you'll imagine what the feeling in the parking.
The funny thing was that we had to break into the parking way, so we felt like we were legitimacy graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what was telling us,``This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been underwater, and somebody finally came to rescue me and pull me out there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
That's our war of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing.
And we have a long way to go through this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all sorts of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were like,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 better inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle is that in April of this year at the Marshall Gene in the center of Los Angeles, there will be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best developments of urban urban art, Transparency France, NGOs all are going to be there.
The PMS is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So basically, this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- -- the computer, the microphone, the Congress nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with an eye recognition technology; I just acknowledged something, and I was associated with wonderful people to be able to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel you do . If it's not now, when? And if I'm not, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years in general situations, and at the same time, so dangerous.
I went to prison -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
I filmed in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating that -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal to try and look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyzing them in a way that are being trained and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsor wanted to do something a little different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a plane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk , 2011.
What had been following:``The Steven Tenden presents: My TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and on content, you could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you very much.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that sustainability knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we examined the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could be prepared, nothing could anticipate me, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the room with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Sophanders: I want to make a film that's about the collection of products, marketing and advertising, and that the whole film is funded with a collection of products, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call``The biggest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The biggest movie ever sold"is that everything from top to the bottom, from beginning to end, has images of brand, all the time -- from the supply that appears before the title, the X.
Now this brand, William Steve, the Consent Center.
These people are going to be associated to the period of gravity -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Watson: It's plentiful .) That's what? (MK: It's plentiful .) At all, forever?
I'm a storyteller . (MK: I just say it .) It was more by emphasis.
It was``Perfect . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the sponsor of the X in the title, but we're going to make sure we can take all the categories we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and it becomes the most great shoe that you've used.
The most great car that you've led in``The biggest movie ever sold ,"the best fire you've ever drank,``The biggest movie ever sold . ''
Step Kalait: The idea is then to show the brands as part of life, make them funding the film? (MS: Get funding the film .) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, the whole film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that Pennisleve will help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for audience.
SS: However, I don't know how it's going to be people to that.
AK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to restore? (MS: No idea .) David Chinese: How much money does it need to do this?
MS: One million and a half . (DM: All right) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard for them, but surely it's worth convincing a couple of big brands.
AK: Who knows, perhaps for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of joy idiots.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Russia: Most of the answers will be``no . ''
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or for being me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...means you're not very optimistic.
So, do you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Good) awesome.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge -- when you look at people who have to deal with ...
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Good .) Turn the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn the camera ,"meaning we have a conversation outside of microphone.
The camera turns out,``We don't want to know about your movie . ''
MS: And so it was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this movie.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today, this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media, isn't the idea to tell that new worthy of attention that's going to bring the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had an error error, and that mistake was this one.
No, there was no such mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you search for transparency images in Google, this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your rolling way, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detect or seen -- easily understandable, which is characterized by the visibility or information of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest line.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president of the name, even the CEOs.
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it something, something changes suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that's still going on.
It's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
I'll eat a whole bowl of Coloribia Homo.
That's really risky.
When I started talking to companies and tell us that we wanted to tell this story and said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but tell us our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lies -- and there he is looking at me as I used to ask him, and he said,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and it's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency will help me -- that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kamel in many years, I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the middle and go to companies myself with my entire team.
So what I started to realize suddenly -- that I started to realize is that when you start conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big films, huge, giants and others who make small movies, independent, like mine.
And my friends who make Hollywood movies, giant Hollywood, say that the reason their films have so successful is because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who do independent films say,``Well, how are we going to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The biggest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to look specifically to San in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the Boston Bank.
At any time during an interview with someone, I can say,``Are you okay for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you.
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And I would offer you one of these fabulous jokes.
And so much``Earth Fusing"as``The Parks of paradise"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for men like women, solid, Ebola, in a bar, whatever.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a little bit of a personal view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
Similar to the smallest kind of movies you told you; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering people is the reason we're interested.
MS: What words would you use to describe Ian?
Man is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: higher technology.
MS: It's not the way you want to describe something that you put into the armpits.
Man: We're talking about something audacious, fresh.
I think``fresh"is a great word that really puts this category in the positive versus``collaboration and sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep fresh more time? With better censorship, more sculpting, three times more fresh.
Things like those who get the benefits.
MS: And that's a curiosity company.
What about me? What about a common kind?
I need to talk to the man on the street, to people like me, to the common Packins.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'll revive the 1980s, Palestinian supercomputer, unless it's day.
MS: All right, what is the Jerry brand?
Jerry: Something unique . (MS: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark pigeon . ''
I like dark colors like dark colors, lots of beans and things like this.
Usually I'm wearing accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic conversion ,' Marker Benz.
Man 2: The mark I am, I would call it a radical flight.
Woman 2: In part of the hippie part, in part of the market, in part of Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pet.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because he understands the market.
Man 5: Failed Shakespeare.
Is that something?
lawyer: I'm a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often classify in the intersection of dark pigeon, and it's flying.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could get into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call``the personality personality . ''
And I found a company called Jason Masters in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Newton, Geographic, Marcus to discover that personality personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Audience: Take the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A little bit of how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world in which you live -- like people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things come up and start in a place, and they start in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is the best day of my life.
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I wanted to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A: Tell me about``why"-- what does that serve us?
What's the capital? What phase you find now?
Why is it important to reset? What represents red?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little more of you, which is not who you are.
What other regrets have you had?
You don't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster is you?
MS: Hey! Thank you . No, thank you.
T: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great job) (MS: Yes . (MS: Thank you very much .) All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to get out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all of this.
Liko Clinton: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; the brand Morgan Sochau is a conscious brand.
They're pretty good spent together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or in the other rather than focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to do -- and it's human nature to avoid things that are not sure; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit of the way, and you make something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can see also to Target, Wii, Mini from Mini Cooper and Aristotle.
Now there are medical markings and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a conscious brand is something pretty powerful.
MS: A conscious brand . What is your brand?
If someone asks you to describe your identity identity, your personality personality, what would it be?
Are you a transcendent attribute? Are you someone who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a stupid attribute?
A little bit more calm, reserved, conservative?
The transcendent attributes are like being playful to be fresh like the prince, contemporary, adventure, varieties or audacious like Earth Gallery, fast or agile, a young, dominant, magical or mystical manifestation like Haiti.
Or are you rather in the stupid attribute?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 1965?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protection, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, family, reliable, safe, sacred, colleague or wise, like the Dalai Lama or the Day?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, transcendent and offspring, who said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of marketing, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they're using MRI to identify the centers of the brain in the brain both for commercial marketing as for cinema.
We went to San Paulo where they banned the publicity to free air.
All over the city for the last five years there are no valleys, no posters, no voters, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with liquidity problems in the United States.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer or where I've had more successful ones that I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the intermediary, they took out their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist directly.
I'm going to work with it to create something different, something that is going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how has you been? Did you succeed?
Well, since the film is in the Star Festival, let's take a look.
According to cords, the film is January, and since then -- this is not all about 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only one period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in origami.
It's not even introduced in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already started winning momentum.
And it's not wrong, because almost all the agencies that we talk about would tell their customers not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk of risk, it's preparing your entire company to get reward.
I feel that what has to happen to progress is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We open fear . We open the risk.
From a cockroach at once, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we need to force transparency.
Today, more than ever a little honesty is going to take a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk``We opened the Transparency"has been introduced by my good friends of Yemen who for $2.70 bought the rights of the name in eBay.
threats: turning big data into large opportunities for companies around the world.
So,``We opened the Transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those $2.70?
MS: It's a remarkable question.
In my pocket, I have a check to the name of the TED TED organization, the Sapling Foundation, a crash for $1997 to be applied to my TED elephant for TED next year.
The idea behind the fancy computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their greatest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the uranium of uranium in Canada.
The gray boxes that you see are control systems in real time.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus from Windows into a laptop computer used by an engineer to cover this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stewart.
We started with an installation Windows.
The eye goes back to the gray box, damage the centrifuge, and the nuclear nuclear program is burned; mission fulfilled.
It's easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started to research on Type six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the installation used multiple amounts of disease.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stewart, and we saw what happened with this.
And so they had very strange things.
Stuxnet behaves as a laboratory rat that he didn't like our cheese: I wave it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after I experimented with different cheese flavors, I realized, and I thought, this is a directed attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The installation is looking at actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working on that place.
If no, TEDx does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, say for example, an American energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We better discover the goal soon.
So we extracted and we represent the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs: a little and a big.
We also saw that they were highly armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots that I'll attack.
You probably even know how much the operator does.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the team of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, the burden is very complex.
It's very close to everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this accident code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old disconnect language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning was called the functions of the system, because we know what they do.
And then we looked for temperatures and data structures and we tried to relate them to the real world, with real potential potential.
We need theories about habitats that we can approve or to thrive.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely an violent sketch, it must be a valuable white, and it's safe in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reported.
There are several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically goes down to the nuclear power plant of Bush and the Indian fog plant.
So I said to my assistant,``Give me a list of all experts in particles and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I told them in a effort for playing their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the engine.
The rotor is that mobile part inside the centrifuge, that black object that you see.
If you manage the speed of this rotor, you can certainly lock it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and break into a obvious effort for the nest maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to figure out the big digital warheads looking very close to data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 1944 is on that code, you can't be obvious.
I started to research scientific literature about how these filters are built in nation-state and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 148 centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better.
These leaks in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the code code?
A almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had among hands.
So there's no misunderstanding, so it wasn't like that.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We would normally end up in dead boxes, and we had to go back to start.
Yet, we found out that both digital warheads were pointing to one and the same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors turn and breaking them, and the big eye communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In sum, we're very confident that we've determined what the habitat is.
It's nation-state, and it's just nation-state.
We should not worry about other goals to be touched by Stewart.
Here's some very interesting things that we saw, they really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of the sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which is still running during the attack, with false data.
And believe or not, these false data data is played by Stewart.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security camera feeds on a video camera.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to mock the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the big steam turbine moves away, you have to open up valves of escape in a millisecond.
Obviously, this cannot make a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're engaged, then they can happen bad things.
The plant can explode.
And neither the oppression and the security system will notice.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge, with a uranium of uranium.
It could also work, for example, in an energy plant, or a automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- that you can tell this burden with a USB key, as we saw in the case of State.
You could also use conventional technology technology to disseminate it.
Let's look at it as possible.
And if you did that, with what you end up with a massive destruction of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we have to face.
Unfortunately, the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph has ever been public in many sides that people assume that angiogenesis is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Handle: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My guess is that the transistor is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There is one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for murdering . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can carry, and that gives you underwater skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair and go back and walk.
We're calling these robots, exoskeletons.
They're not anything different from something that you put in the morning, gives you a great force, who also increases your speed, and help you, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and the machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other outside things.
This is not an unreal idea.
So to show you now what we're working on, we started to talk about the American soldier that, on average, should take over the back a burden of 45 kilos, and it's expanding to bring it even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Google -- or human charge.
Soldier: With the Google exoskeleton, I can run 90 kilos for variables for many hours.
Its flexible design, allows you to put up in loops and execute movements with great agility.
It's what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then raise my strength and my resistance.
Yesterday Beight: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back now to wheelchair users, which I feel particularly passionate.
There are 68 million people, in chairs of wheels, around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the backbone that when they start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that aging it quickly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been so over the last 500 years, from his successful appearance, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter of mobility.
Let me introduce you the TEDsters who are using Amanda British who is 19 years ago in the spine column, and as a result couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Baxter: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our Twitter, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the onboard computer, here on the back.
There are a few batteries that empower the motors in the hips, and in the knees, and they make it advance with this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 on my life on the top of my life when, for a stranger jump on the air, ski down, I was paralyzed.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all sensation and everything from the pelvis down.
Shortly, a doctor came to my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole up to the last couple of hope for my self.
The technology of adaptation since then, has allowed me to learn to be able to be able to break down on the bottom, climbing rocks and even ride on hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but Amanda, and all the wheelchair users, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the British Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos from the forests of Congo.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now the chimps are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've done too much embedded in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big guys, frightening society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence hasn't yet noticed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of the great apes.
They live in the depths of the frozen forest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the fog itself -- stage of violent conflict that has been produced for decades and caused nearly as many deaths as the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction is also putting the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting hunting trade and deforestation makes you can't fill or a stadium with the bonobos that remain in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the laughter by hiding the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes of love, not war, because they have frequent, promiscuous and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the World II.
The bonobos, like humans, love playing all of their life.
To play is not just a kid's game.
For us, and for them, play is fundamental to establish ties and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
The game increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with diversity of diversity -- diversity diversity, behavior diversity, connection diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos of videos taken from the wild medium.
First, it's a biological style game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the sentence:``It's got it out of the balls . ''
I just think that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as much as humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the incentive to bring unusual elements to play, and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's more fun.
But the game is computer.
The game is community, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is discovered.
And I want you to see -- this is Chicago, a young female, who's playing with water.
I think, like, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key of these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation of adaptation.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our ability to play?
The game is not frivolous.
The game is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it seems the least appropriate to play, they can be the moments that are the most pressing.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we discovered creativity, friendship and awe.
Thank you.
In New York, I am responsible for a non-profit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I'm eating fires like captain assistant in a body of volunteer firemen.
And in our hometown, where volunteers implement a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the fire site very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was stuck in a conversation with the owner that certainly had one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, barefoot, while her house was in calls.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, called Sierra Luther came first to the captain, and he asked him to go into and save the dog in the house of the house.
dog! I was so jealous.
There was a lawyer or money management that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people who entered in a building in flames to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the following.
The captain made me an animation.
He said,``Bezos, I need to go into the house.
I need to go up, through the fire, and bring it to this woman a pair of shoes . ''
The swear.
It wasn't exactly what I'd expect, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, the real firemen, that they had finished off the fire and entered the main room in search for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my States and the beautiful dog on the main door.
We pulled out the treasures for the owner of home where, as it was to wait, the treasure received much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter of the house of home, thank you for the courageous effort to save your house.
The kindness that she looked at the other was that someone had reached even a couple shoes.
Both in my voice in Robin Hood, as my voice as a volunteer, I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also of acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look at this room to people who have come, or they're in order to get, remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, I'll tell you now.
They serve food in a dining, clean up a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence someone's life.
So they enter the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1863 with a very simple idea: cement modules in a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used unit unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things that we, like buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
He was called automatic assembly bricks.
And in a few years, LIGO bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks attached by each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much larger and more complex circuits, a brick at once.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Latite.
I'm going to show you how they work.
elites are electronic modules every one with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together through magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with green and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with green produces light.
We can put a button in the middle, and we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse bone, which is here, and now we have a light.
We added this guy to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Lebanon are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldiers, elites allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Bradlit is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to be reduced to use them to use.
Looks, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've provided Little kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how you start understanding the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how does a night light work, or why the door of a elevator gets open, or how a iPod responds to touch.
We have also led Batts to design schools.
So, for example, designers without experience any experience begin to play with elites like a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have George creating ...
( Meline sounds) A few weeks ago, we took readers to the Rhode Island design designers, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper, and we said,``Make something . ''
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a confidence that's active by motion.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a conversation made out of Play-Doh that's afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Letters became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be at all.
So Lebanon has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the files of design and make them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company for us to engage you with the environment.
The distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait a moment.
You can take a little bit in charge.
We can -- we can keep the video on a side.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already done time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents everything they're supposed to stop; we asked them to work in government.
The initiative was called America for America, and it would be like a Park Peace Corps.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World World, we send them to the world's wild wild.
They made great applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
Your task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
To the city of Boston City.
Now, here appears as if you look for a quote, but what you really want to look for is that someone gets to get caught by the snow because he knows it's not very good at taking fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it get to ask for help in this way so singular?
Last year in Boston, we had an American member team for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was living last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrants.
But one of the members called Erik McCorribing noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up with shovels right in front of them.
So it did like any good programmer, develop an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept to clean it when you're living.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, put it into the case.
If you don't, someone can throw it out.
I mean, it has a medical component.
It's a modest application.
It may be the smallest of the 21 applications that are programmed last year.
But it does something that no other technology of government does.
And it goes into viral form.
A responsible of systems from the city of Honolulu to see this application realized that he could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to get rid of tsunami.
It's very important to work with these tsunami signs, but people steal the batteries.
So it asks the citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to keep the laundry.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to record to clean sidewalks when they were living.
So now we know nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction, naturally and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that this doesn't normally happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we've done that for normal channels, it would have taken at least two and a half million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the court of California that the moment has cost 2,000 million dollars, and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this in every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of warning of warning to the institution of the government.
It suggests the best way to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, in the open and generative way.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an awkward institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Code for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration before that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the line in the Hamas -- and all of those other things that put us crazy, government is essentially in Tim Beillia's words:``What we do together because we cannot . ''
Now, a lot of people have left the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to consider it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; government does.
And because the government in the last instance of us -- remember that from``We, the people ,"the way to think about how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was going to be choosing people to take charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that government is, mostly, figures out.
This is the center of phone phone and information.
It's the place that they're using calls if you make 111 in the U.S.
Scott claimed this call.
The``British"at the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open up the door of the house, put good music and see if you go? ''
And it worked . So well by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the generations.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an application, websites and mobile, called TEDTalks.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very clever people in the U.K. National Mechanical Office in Boston.
One day, this happened really, he comes up with this request:``Miracle in my garbage bucket . I don't know if she's dead.
How do I do to remove it? ''
The dynamics' dynamics is different.
Scott was talking about person.
Now, at Socket Kinect, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said,``I approached the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Frigoris? Yes . Was I living? Yes.
I turned around the cube . I went home.
Good night, sweet gender . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the government's government to distributed volunteer collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And I don't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform.
I'm talking about a platform for people to help and help others.
So a citizen helped another, but here the government had a key role.
It connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we make the communities.
If we call animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing that we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the input of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 centimeters.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But that's what it keeps us with that that belongs to us that we fund as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in the way we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work we have to make the bureaucracy be sensual.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Separate movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of troubled citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the``The Commission of values"on the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who are fascinated to government, it's time we ask ourselves what world we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we will get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of all of us?
We can't tell government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it is possible to make the government function so that it can expand to the civilian society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act properly, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving it almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk; they're all going to talk.
They can express their views at the same time and do it.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care much to make their voices hear.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make it work better to government.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hydrant, pulling weeds, crossing a garbage cube that has a benign inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not just consumers, we're not just consumers of government that pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and on the death of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are being told here are impact around the world.
Sometimes, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that wouldn't have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
So here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, whether it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't really learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of a American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in all discussion in family.
She started a lot of the students in our home.
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia on 1945.
She was born over 1880 and his experience with slavery as he saw the world.
She was hard, but she was also loving.
When I was a little girl and looked at it, she came up with me, and she gave me a good hug.
It was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I jumped.
One or two hours later, I went back to her, and he came up to me and said,``Hey, do you feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I would grab again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the least of 10.
Sometimes, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture their time and her attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine, I woke up a morning, I went to the room, and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
I looked at it and smiled it, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she woke up, and she pulled out, and he grabbed me from my hand and he said,``You see Brian . We're both going to make it . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``Now I'm not going to do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, and he looked at me and said,``I want you to know I've been looking at you . ''
And he said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise me three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to do is you'll always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my daughter, and you have to promise me to always care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yeah, Mom, like that . ''
Then he said to me,``The second thing I want you to do is you'll always do the right thing to do . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yeah, Mom . So I'll do it . ''
Then, finally, he said,``The third thing I want you to promise me is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yeah, Mom, like that . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a brother a year older and a sister a year younger.
When I was 14 15, one day my brother came home with a standard of six beers, I don't know where he got them, I would bring my sister and me and we went to the forest.
We just came up with the nuts of always.
He took a beer of beer, he offered my sister, she took a little bit and they offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . All right . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come . Today, do it . And you always do the same thing as us.
I already took something, your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens? Pick a beer . ''
I was amazed with strength, and he said,``Oh, it won't be you still think about the conversation with Mom . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren who are special . ''
I was left.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread away.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say that thinking it's a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't make sense of it.
We can't get to do things that don't believe that they can do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been pressure during the ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to commit them.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
There are 2.3 million.
In the United States, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in board freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has changed fundamentally our world.
In poor communities or black, it's so much challenging, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One in three black black between 18 and 30 is in prison or a constitutional freedom.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young color people are in prison or in parole freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better if you're rich and guilty, that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth.
And it looks like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We're disconnected.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some rather curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you're going to get rid of rights forever if you have a criminal sentence.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the loss of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where they sit to 13 years to die in prison.
We have this prison prison for children, no possibility to go out.
Now we're in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, you've been taught us to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for eating crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think differently about how we're in our identity.
There's another way to look at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
In every nine people executed, you've identified one that is innocent and liberated from the death of death.
One rate of error, amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
And in aviation, it wouldn't be allowed to grow planes if every nine to wake up, you would have to be destroyed.
But in some way, we would get out of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve killing.
It's interesting that in my classes with student history students, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to World War II.
We don't really know much about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be killed.
I was worried to be bombarded.
The threat of terror was what his lives defined.
Now there are older people who come up with me and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you say talks, make speeches . Tell people to stop saying that in our history, we're working for the first time with terrorism, after 145 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood what we historically have done.
All the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us work to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a real, reconciliation process.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial degradation without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't.
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know, you know that it's really concerned to hear what you say . ''
He said,``We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will naturally never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said,``There's no way with our history, we can never get into human beings of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we were able to run people . ''
You thought about it.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would execute people, especially if they were mostly Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really worry about these things that are so difficult, positive and wonderful things are, however, involved.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology . We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are interrupted by suffering, abuse, degradation, monolithic.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of life in this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the strands, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our self.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just about brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas also by the heart convictions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and abstract, but also in the dark and difficult.
Jack Haiti, the great boy leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all sorts of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, guidance for spirit, a will for being in places of despair and being witnesses . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is virtually in the heart of what I think, that even in communities like TED, it must commit.
There's no disconnect related to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women are just meeting to talk.
Occasionally, Mr. Alligator called me, to say,``Brian, it comes the lady Paris . We're going to bring together to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I said,``Yes, ma'am . I do want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to you . ''
So I was going and just listened to them.
It was something very frightening, very lit.
And in a occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks was headed to me and said,``Now, Brian, I give you that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We tried to help those who have been convicted unfairly.
We tried to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the lives of life, without parole freedom for children.
We tried to do something about death penalty.
We tried to reduce population in jails.
We tried to end up with massive incarceration . ''
I gave it all my best speech, and when I finished and he looked at me and said,``Hmm um um . ''
And he added,``You'll end up, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. Alligator leaned up, put his finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think that actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and to believe that each of us is higher than we've made.
I think that's true for everyone on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to you, it's not a thief.
Even, if someone kills another, it's not a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly, in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that although it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very exhilarating, very exhilarating, we won't be judged by our technology, by our designs, and our intellectual or rational ability.
At the end, the character of a society, not the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but for the way they treat poor, condemned, prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound themes about what we are.
Sometimes I feel self-assemble . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I'm tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in a important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sitting with a lot of toughness.
I go to jail and I see my clients from 13 and 14, which have been injured to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge become someone in what's not?
The judge had experienced it as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night was awake thinking -- by God, if judge can become something you're not, you must have magic powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask for something about that.
As it was very late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a gas.
He had a 14-year-old client, a small, poor, black.
I started working on the mission, with a comment that said,``Macro so that my 14-year-old black client is treated as a women who was 75 years old, executive from a corporation . ''
In the action, I thought there had been behavioral behavior in the accusation, in the behavior of the police and the process.
There was a vivid line on how in this country there is no ethics, but a lack of ethics.
The next morning I woke up thinking that patient would be a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it, but he had sent it to the court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And I finally decided -- Oh God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I jumped into the car, and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelming.
I went into the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and fuzzy.
I finally pulled out of the car . I walked to the judge.
I was going up the stairs when I met a big black man; it was the conservation of the judge.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He said,``Is you advocating?"I said yes.
So I got stuck and hug.
And I'm whispering in my ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was great.
That became deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
In the coming, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you writing this wave? ''
I said,``Yes Mr. I went ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy ones.
The policemen came up with the sound prosecutors, the collapse.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people . All furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye, he came to see the conversation I went and came.
I was looking for the window and he was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with face face, entered the room and sat behind me, almost on the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge gave a recession.
During the rest, an assistant of the hoop was upset because the teaching had entered the room.
The assistant was stuck on the old black.
And he said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I get to this room room to tell this young man to keep their view in the goal with feeling . ''
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds up to justice.
That we cannot be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and for dignity.
That our survival is bound to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be brought to the brotherhood, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the goal with a fraction.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see a quick wish of audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BC: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which a effort is going to be done to report the funds that are spent today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on the death penalty, in the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't include in arrests.
56 percent of rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This vent is going to propose that these funds are distributed to make law enforcement, security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the highest rate of incarceration.
What would you say to those who think that's like this?
BC: Actually, the rate of criminal violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase in the prison population.
And we let ourselves convince the rhetoric rhetoric.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain; to steal a bicycle, by little crimes against property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, we've been excited today today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Voice: They grow the threats for Bin Laden's death.
Voice 2: famine in Somalia . Three: The police gives the O.C . spray.
Voice 4: Lesterland posters . Voice 5: Yeah.
Announcer 6: social decay . Voice 7 : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: Stop of tsunami . Voice 9: cyberattacks.
Several schools: war to the sophistication . mass destruction . tornado.
Keep . Rack . The final trial . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I've got in the last six months, and it could be nearly the last six days or over the last six years.
The idea is that media media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing is important to survive, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient snippet of the temporal lobe called the amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
It's an order and I recorded all of the information looking at something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories, we will prefer to look at the negatives.
That old press of the press:``If there's blood, sells ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, no wonder that we are pessimistic.
Don't surprise people think that the world goes from evil in worse.
But it may not be like that.
Maybe, instead, what really happens is that we get distorted.
Perhaps the huge progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we have no doubt.
As human beings, we're really good at overcoming problems and, in the long way, we ended them.
Let's take place in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average life has been more than doubled, the average per capita income per inflation has tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Jenny that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget it.
And we keep getting more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it, today in America, a lot of the people who live under the line of poverty have electricity, water, bathrooms, refrigerators, television, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The mass mass of the last century, the springs on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Now, a lot of this is the technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes in in the information technology jump on this curve, Moore's Law, doubled the price of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer of the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, depression and booming.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It's not stopping any of the big challenges.
And although it's plotted in a law on the left, it turns out it's going up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computer in the cloud, that my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production throughout the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, digital medicine, the national medicine, the national medicine, the national medicine, the national medicine, the national medicine, the national
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jeopardy from Watson, from IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline.
And I loved this:``Watson beat humans . ''
Jeopardy is not a easy game.
I play with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they use the big challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to add a company, or a product or a service, that can be able to positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have been absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating fancy life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that's scarce and it's going to be abundant.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon Three in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Sam.
The Napoleon troops ate with silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Sam, ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal metal on the planet; it's worth more than gold and platinum.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although the aluminum is 38 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's followed by oxygen and the soldiers.
But then it came the artistic and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as if it was discovered.
We project this analogy towards the future.
Let's think about the energy shortage.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to Earth 16 terabytes of energy every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about affordability.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation for diesel : 183 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents per hour, compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have an abundance of energy, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars for water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed out the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture . How did you call it?
\" A pale dot blue . ''
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 77 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but there's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the bacteria.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the closet -- I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do this -- his technology called Salam, probably, is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of water water on the day of any source water water, polluted water, a latrine for less than two cents the liter.
The president of Coke just agreed to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out right, and I have a full confidence that that's like, Coke will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation driven by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent of the mobile concentration in the developing world by late 2013.
Think, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And with a smartphone smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information and communications that nobody could ever have predicted.
So better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars GPS dollars, video, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology now gets rid and lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best comes when the health applications go through.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Compassion Foundation something called the X William Robert Brazil , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that you talk about, and because it's got AI, you can coughing, you can extract blood from the finger.
To win has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequenced an RNA virus or DNA that doesn't recognize, call the health of health, and first of all, it will avoid the pandemic.
But this is the greatest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the 100 million increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just passed the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to give the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion internet users.
Three billion minds never before you add to the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What do you consume? What wishes will you have?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy.
And they will pay more health thanks to the Rore, from a better education with the Khan Academy, and because of the use of 3D printing, and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can three billion more of the members of humanity, healthy healthy healthy healthy.
How about some voices never before?
What if we give them the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time?
What will these three billion?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict?
One thing I learned with the X prize is that small equipment, guided by their passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that could only make big corporations and governments.
I'm going to finish sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that probably some of you know.
It's called Titan.
I emerged at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how they're folding the protein.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's really important in medical research.
And, until now, it was a computer problem.
They've played this university teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started playing it.
And it has shown that today's recognition machinery is better by folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the decoder's genocide.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
That's the role of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
You might think you'd chase you, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as very``common . ''
It was the groupers.
I read it a lot until the 1880s.
Now the fish is on the Red Coast of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, over Galapagos and other places, so that doesn't have any special.
But the case is we still come to Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the displacement of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be integrated.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exposure to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palm, and, as you can see, from some mangroves.
There were six centimeters, the black beard tilapia.
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant and went through for a good time, so it became more in the middle in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years after the amount of fish had declined half.
They were sleeping at five centimeters.
They experience a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
It's nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was involved in the introduction of fishing fisheries in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1960s, and it started a lot of development projects.
The fishing development was pushing the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Sea Maria.
I went out fishing on it, and we conducted studies in the southern China Sea of China, and especially in Java in Java.
What we captured was something remarkable.
We capture, now I know, the sea fund.
Ninety percent of what we capture were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about a few remains, the remains that are fish reef.
In short, the sea fund came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast.
In one year, you do a study and then you start commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a solid coral of coral coral, in this case, to be a village.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They dismiss them because they were dead.
We once we capture a living.
I was still not drowning.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen collect every time you go to an area where you've never fish.
But it doesn't get documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things: biodiversity, amount of rocks, the edge of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Every generation to use the images received at the beginning of their life conscious, and it will extrapolate forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the question of change.
And at the end of the end, there's a lot of miserable remains.
And that, in large measure, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer either, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to a generations later.
Because obviously, an animal that's very abundant, before you get extinct, is little frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a great loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fishing them.
Over time, it's a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, many people, scientists, questioning that it was very different.
And they'll do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect evidence.
For example, the anecdotes that some present, like cooking such, and so often looked at a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually not use the science scientists, because it's not``scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in built societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
Hence the enormous role that can be able to get a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine zones, we really recreated the past.
We recreated the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has been run, and it's fairly low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that it provides, which allows them to erase their point of departure.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like people in the Middle West, for example?
I think there the arts and the cinema maybe can fill the void . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Bay Bay.
There were a lot of time whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that nuances and the Taliban are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people moved with the movie, not to talk about the history of stones, why do you move with images?
Because it evoke something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, do``Avatar II"under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Alley, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos become viral and how important it has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedians -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the website makes any of us, or our actions, copper notion in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a saint.
There are over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a little percentage becomes viral, it gets infinite views and wins cultural.
How does that happen?
Three things: creators of trends, communities of participation and surprise communities.
Well, let's start.
Oscar Vachiren: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Hono, wow!
KA: Last year, Wonder Van posted this video filmed outside his house in the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This chart shows reproduction in the summer of popularity last summer.
Bihar doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you call Missister Mountain Spring.
I had already published a lot of videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Williams.
Jimmy Williams published this tweet that would kick the video to popularity.
The creators of trends like Jimmy Bionicle introduce us things new and interesting things and add them to a broader audience.
Rebecca Raches: It's Friday, Friday . You have to start Friday . Everybody wants to get the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday, starting Friday . KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
\" Friday"is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it nearly 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like,``rainbow ,"this video seemed to have arisen from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask those other peaks, they're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday.
Well, I took Steven Turkey and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Microsoft Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke about the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends are adopting a point of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this big joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 boxes of``Friday"in YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each of the other days.
Unlike the international entertainment of the 20th century, this community engagement is our way to be part of the phenomenon by telling us or doing something new with it.
\" Ryan Cat"is a repetitive animation with a music.
That's the case.
This year you saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three-dimensional version that has seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were remix.
Someone made a version of the old.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``Will I double"or Rebecca Black or``Ryan Cat . ''
What did you have written to have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video are coming up for minute, only that really unique and unexpected can be unleashed in the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the computers to cyclist in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Sandward: I was blown by not circular, but there are often obstacles that prevent you to run directly by the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and your mood, Casey Samaracho made five million people and understand your idea.
So this approach is worth to all new we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Shakespeare Vans: What does this mean?
Jember.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trends, creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, a new culture, that we all have access to, and it's the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bieber, started YouTube.
They didn't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they are barely the media, but they're going to define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still being armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man complaining the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine as the communities come in, by facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, are now working.
It was held in silence.
She died for the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to adapt, but we shake it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you get into a boat, and you're going to keep blowing down to the sea.
My mother, Mexico, had only 18 years old when her father died, and a commenting marriage and two little girls.
For her, life was destined to a task alone: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year sacred genocide that defies fiction, a boat was sliding into the sea disguised of fishing ship.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a jar with venom.
If we were caught, we first would take my sister and me, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the ability to dive into every wave, and the vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the advantage of men in our boat, or the engine dying, and not being able to pluck for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, end the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we'd melt in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations to shape a new life together.
We set up in Coloris, a sub-Saharan classroom whose population is comprised of immigrants.
Unlike the middle class suburbs, whose existence of me, in Congress, had no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the heavy English were traded among people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, double.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT.
We were poor.
All of the dollars were assigned, and established a strange mentoring in English and mathematics, it wouldn't matter what would be taken away, which was generally new clothing; it was always second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniforms to the ankles, because it had to last six years.
And there were expensive and painful singers on the black eyes, and some graffiti:``Asian, come home . ''
Where?
Something in me became.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to blow you . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we told us about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all the ship.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would start to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then studied to be a strategy and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and involved, and broken boys trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, including what I was sleeping with myself.
In the other one, it was locked up in heavy lives, digitally overwhelmed by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was picked up the young Australian man.
And I was catapult from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
And so, I was so read of Congress, he was now so, so, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that had never heard of, and in houses whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the confidence of life in a naive suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for nearly 20 years, telling him about the day of each and dying asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
He reminded me that I had the same age that she had when we went up to the boat.
The``no"never had been an option.
\" Hello ,"he said,``And you're not what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile acceptance and education and the devastation to the marginalized and the grasslands.
And the more I was talking about, the more it was requested to speak.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved, living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a career career.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a single one arrived on the scene -- not just that it's okay, but it's something to be grateful, maybe a ship of ship.
Because being inside can easily mean to apply the horizons, it can easily mean accept the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world is crumbling, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that wouldn't have been allowed to be counted tremendously.
There was an energy there, a complex optimism, a rare mix of humility and bravery.
So I followed my intuition.
I got to a small group of people for whom the slogan``can't be done"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, it was a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked at the time.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we opened step.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
It's after one journey.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where Samani was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person that mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother was raising it alone.
At 17, it became a computer of a Mandarin whose mother hit it.
No support of his husband, he caused a stir to sue it and bring the cause herself, and much more resulted caused when he won.
The can't be able to be wrong.
He was in the shower in a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower and I saw it standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to me.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Coloris, and we sat around his side.
We told stories and we would make sure we were still with it.
At night, a monk came and said he had to close the car.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand warm, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"he said.
\" You haven't solved it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Given who we were and how life formed us, we can now see that men who have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have agreed easily.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could wish that to know?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a piece in your life, diving it up in every wave, the opposite rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see them safe, I would do it.
Step Wilson and also the mother's mother here, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Kara about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the singer enough Alabama.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the era of the old Indian epic epic epic.
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we used the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when innovation, the great Indian warrior prince, he had thirst, he took a bow and with an arrow to the floor, got water.
Now we do the same with drill and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that took me a lot.
Every time I felt a little bit more of a tech.
I would terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a radar if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't bring it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gives me his silver photograph.
And this technological piece of technology was for me the most magic thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirates and facilities in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent us.
They hold our inspiration.
So I got stuck, I threw up to this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books from 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device able to connect the readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
It's going to play the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The storytelling becomes increasingly unexplored.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Broadmoor, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so, he says,``This box belongs to ..."I wrote my name.
And so I become a character's character.
In several times, I got a poster -- the iPad knows where I live in the GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magician and dragons, but to that magic magic, to those ideas that we're carrying children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And actually, they lit your way into what's the rest of the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a kid was that a whole galaxy in a ball.
So here, every book and every single world becomes a ball that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In all fantasy book, there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, and it's used to guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go into.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary.
These are the tours.
We've all heard of the inhabitants and the nests, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, would you supply them?
These poor birds have been trapped in the chambers in India for millennia, in an old, wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that's about current issues like the environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked, blinded to their PCs, have not gone out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can bring our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out the outside, take your camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: of sticks, stones, eagles and shells.
For some reason the children don't.
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A kid from London puts a picture of a hill and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A kid in India says,``I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photographs that have been taken.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology, there are many possibilities.
In the next book, we're planning to have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video switched on and through it, and you see a group of cartoons that appear on the interior plants of the house.
In a moment the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and put them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We're going to a world where the forces of nature are intertwined with technology and magic and technology meets each other.
We harvest the energy of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and love child that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of the fluorescent projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is we stopped listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University of the Arab University was to manage a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she adds a little cup of coffee or you and I asked patients, family and known,``What happens? ''
How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the project projects fail, because we stopped listening.
This is my word Wi-Fi . It's a very simple thing.
It's got a piece of fire.
All the morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I put the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple that every time I connect, I send my information to Google Health.
And my career doctor has access to him as well . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that you need a cardiologist assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my colleague Wi-Fi, and before I went up to my car, people start talking to me:``You know, I think you need a light lunch . ''
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week.
This little bit connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will, from their houses, take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients take a position, they come back to the control and to be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us care of health care because of the challenges we face, as the firing of the costs of medicine, the demand of demand and other issues.
It will perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And they can do it with techniques like these, but also by controlling.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Macho.
Also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest Department to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get the Destinaments saved lives right now.
What we did was we made it controlled in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public that, if you look at the audience, please send it, tell them where, and when it's open, because sometimes open in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 times, they're sitting in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an application for Latin, augmented reality, to find these tests.
And every time you're in the city of Marshakoth and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks will use your Microsoft cell to find the nearest Medican Channel, which can save life.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this one, not just like English '40s, which is the name of the product, but also as Department.
And we want to start globally.
We're looking at all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, so that they help us find, work and act as a center for the U.S. Development around the world.
Every time you're in vacation and someone collapses, you can be a part or someone else, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us to validate these tests.
They might be able to be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the Department that's shown is still in place.
Please help us in this and not just improve health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it a photograph?
Because of course, they are pictures that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15.
He mixed with my passion before the drawing, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera, I was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pulse.
To me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the point point.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start to press the pulse.
Pictures like this: a construction in a very tight road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful ones at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say realism, I say to you.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture, but I always want it to have been captured in a way like photography.
So pictures where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that we can capture for a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does the light intervene?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes the illusion is the perspective.
But at the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it in a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a reality of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly imaginary objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional, as if I existed.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It really is to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think these are the ones that we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining pictures, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something looks bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are involved with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
This is another example.
I could think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this picture is totally composed by photographs of different places.
In the personal, I think it's easier to create a place to find it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the parts of the puzzle.
For example, fish was captured in a fishing trip.
The costs are from a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone stone.
And yes, even I did red the house on the top of the island to look more dry.
So to get a realistic result, I think it takes planning.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and very realistic.
All the tools are there, and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it ...
It's a diagram anybody who took from a folder.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the E8 microprocessors versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, like a lot of others that we tend to see, is sort of a straight line in logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a order of magnitude on the stream scale.
Talk about technology with democratic curves is something new.
Here's something weird.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we record technological curves in logarithmic scales?
The answer is, if you draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if you plot, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a logarithmic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation would advance as fast as the microprocessors, tomorrow, we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go forward to that pace.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a systematic growth that every few years advance of magnitude.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't go on forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve, I know like this until something completely different, or maybe I'll do something like this.
That's all it can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
So, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what the world used to be, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask me, is that new way that it adopting the world?
What new state is the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're engaged in it.
I remember in the future of the future in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
We can feel a transformation . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will all be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't have any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how could that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale I'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took about 250 million years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around us.
If we look at the way these chemicals were organized, we give an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that time, I had floating some oil droplet with all sorts of chemical recipes inside of it.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemists that made them incorporating materials from the outside, and so the blobs grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms -- those oil droplet.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a random chemical recipe.
And every time they were divided by an unequal distribution of chemists that they contain.
That's why every religion was a little different.
In fact, the blobs that were somehow differentiated by being better than the time to incorporate the surrounding chemicals; they grew up more, they're incorporating more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well, these rules learned to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have been stable since they evolved 250 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, each being living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can now write things with this code.
Here I have 100 pounds of white dust that I try to hide the security people in the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA snippet and it amplified 10 to the 22 times.
So if someone wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was a drill, he would have put it on a virus and he would have spread it in the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells be happy another billion years.
But then another big step occurred in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicating information forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
And so, for example, it evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they took them off to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there's a lot of resistance to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that communities were formed that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
So they survived or failing together, whether a community was very successful all the individuals in that community were more and more of them, and they were right for evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities were approached so much that, in fact, they came together, and they decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next stage stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have lots of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart of the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to restore information.
and to build very special structures that didn't do more than processing information in community.
It's neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record, understand and convey information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them a evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, and not the period of evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because she knew bad, and he fell at the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of a given organism that had previously built these processing structures that the evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
And so the fact that the nervous system built those information structures will actually accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea with a vague idea, in the head.
I'm sitting here by starting a bunch of noises, and hopefully building a similar, vague and confused idea, in his heads that I have a certain analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated, we turn it into sound, in sound sequence, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That's now allowing us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as humanity, we've started doing abstractions.
Now we're going through similar periods to multicellular organisms -- we're tracking our records of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the tape tape, the Peters, etc, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You already saw the evolutionary example of you in which you produced some evolution with the program, in your eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a hundred million years.
Next, language and so on, took less than a million years.
And the following, like the electronics, seems just a few decades.
The process is fed up; I guess China is the right word to name something that would accelerate its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see that the process is democratized.
But I make my life design computers and I know that the mechanisms that I want to design would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that she does every transistor in that connection machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Langler Michigan, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it on the machine and the machine with that does something that you couldn't get, it gets much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes it makes methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine a evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence sequences at random?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, execute all of those programs, and take those who are more approaching what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to tidy numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that a random sequence of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could put two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you better did?
We're going to take those and we remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that are best ordered.
And we're going to play it back to them by following an analog sequence process to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, which are delivering children, that exchange superstring, and children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little more successful.
And we say,``Please, repeat the process . ''
Happy again.
It introduced some mutations.
And it tries again and it's trying again.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that do absolutely perfect.
In fact, they are much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't tell how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
They're dark, strange programs.
But they get the kite.
In fact, I know, I have the safety that they achieve the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that achieve it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I once went into a 747 with Mark King, and he pulled a card and he says,``Look at this.
He says,``This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight ."Doesn't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make well different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, and so that can execute these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it feeds.
The thing goes faster and faster, and so I think it looks so confused.
Because all these technologies are fed up.
We're peeling up.
And we're at an analog moment to the cellular organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the tests, and we can't understand what we're creating.
We're at the point of inflection.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've gone through enough time to allow me to be part of my fake witness on that.
Before I treat my talk, we're talking a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to come up with the rules, talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a bathroom that's 300.
That means that the wild baseball effectively, three of 10 times.
That means to launch the ball to the field of play without being caught, and anyone who's trying to launch it to the first base, not in time, and the second foundation will be saved.
Three hundred attempts.
You know how they call a $300 bathroom in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of the stars.
You know how they call a baseball baseball bather?
By the way, that's someone that 10 taps, right.
legendary -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last player of the Mayo Major League to execute more 400 taps in a regular season.
Now we bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose that you have appendicitis and you're destined to a surgeon who has also a 400 percent record.
So it doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a remote place, and a loved being has two clogged coronary arteries, and his family doctor gave it to a cardiologist whose record in an organic record is 200.
But do you know something?
She's dramatically improving this year.
And their assets have been 177.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you believe that you should be the average of a heart surgeon or a prosthetic surgeon, a nurse or a pollinating ancestor?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in the entire medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, a doctor or a depression.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and it includes me, with the mandate of being perfect.
Which never, ever, make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it right.
That was the message that I was in the medical school.
I was a compassionate student.
So once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test.
Like.
I was studying in my little back, in the nurse's General hospital, not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
Out of my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the air, the diagnosis of prevalent difference and the head.
And I even knew the diagnosis of differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney submersity.
And as much as it took more and more knowledge.
And I was going very well; I graduated with honor.
And I got from medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I knew everything, or the most possible thing, because that's how I became mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met the Darwin lady.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, at Toronto when they brought to the lady of the Darwin to the emergency service where I worked.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I applied to consult a cardiologist, I played to go to that patient.
I'll report the chief of residents.
When I saw Miss Darwin, I was bawling.
I heard a selective sound.
And when I hit it, I heard a sound sound on both sides, which gave me a congestive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of turning blood forward, blood goes to lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did that, and I started working on the treatment that I would give.
He gave him expectancy and medication to alleviate pressure in his heart.
He gave him damage, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that's when I made the first mistake; he sent her home.
It actually made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't wake up the phone or did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and consult it with him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to deliver a complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that made was worse.
He didn't pay attention to a voice on my inside that said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to tell the lady,``Do you think it's okay if you go to your house? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said to utter nature,``Yeah, I think it will be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance with the drugs took them to their house.
And I went back to the hospital ward.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home, and I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the road.
And there's another nurse, not that I'd care about the lady Darwin before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency physicians fear.
Other specialists fear it as well, but there's a particular one in geology, and we see the patient's patients.
The three words are: Do you remember?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent home? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
When I got to her home, after I would give her the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911, and his family brought into emergency with a blood pressure of 50 centimeters in Haiti, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all of their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breathing.
I was excited and rocked to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because then they would stabilize it was in intensive therapy, and it was hoping against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were assigned to what was happening.
And at the ninth day, they left it . The lady Darwin, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I told me for it and experienced for the first time the embarrassment of the embarrassment that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malaria embarrassment that I talk about is that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss; he was a charm.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I subsidize things and sure they don't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why sent her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so silly?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly, that feeling was spreading.
And I began to feel better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with myself where if I bend the efforts to be perfect to make no more mistakes, it would make those voices.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it happened.
Two years later, I was helping in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and wrong.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat, it was a little bit colored.
He wrote him penicillin and sent him to her house.
But as he pointed to the door, he was pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guard change, my boss asked to talk to me in my office.
And I made the three words: Do you remember?
Remember the patient that he saw for a pain in the throat?
He came back and didn't have a depressing sensitivity.
He had a potentially fatal condition called the pollinators.
You can Google it . It's an infection, not from the throat, but the top air goes, and that can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, failed.
It's an antibiotic delivery for it, and it recovered in a few days.
And through the same period of shame and representations, then I grew up and I went back to work, until again and again, and again.
Twice in the same place of urgency, not exploitative diagnosed.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it's 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discovery.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a X-ray X-ray, but a colleague that was looking at the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read him liquid to break and asked my colleague to check him.
I checked him, and by noticing some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, I called the surgeon.
Both were operated.
But every case I was tormented, I devoured.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a mess.
The most significant have been over the last five years.
Only, ashamed and no support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the connection that really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach you this so that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a trajectory in my hospital had the wrong leg, believe it would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that can't sleep and the ones that are yes, the ones that have the same results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like a ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we get rid of medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, roughly diffusion and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical malpractice and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Empire Toronto to my program:``White Cart, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where the mistakes happen every day, where one in every 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or definition is not right, in a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die about 24,000 girls by preventable medical errors.
The U.S. Institute Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about gross understatement, because we're not managing the problem as we should.
And that's what things are.
A hospital system where knowledge multiplied every two or three years, and we don't act.
The deprivation of the invaded dream.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes up with smell with smell eyes and with alcohol to alcohol, and suddenly my story is going to go away.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't do things always equal.
And my patients are not cars . They don't have their symptoms always in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to mistake, well, I won't be left.
What do people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``Happy wire, black art ,"is already a question to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell you all, from the arms to the head of heart surgery:``This is my worst mistake ,"blah blah blah blah --``What are your mistakes?"and he would run the microphone to
And their students would stop, they would go back, they went down, they would go down and they would start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say,``Look, don't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it.
They need an indefinite medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The human doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and you can't be proud of your mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
Share their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It puts out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system, and when this happens, they commit mistakes every time.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm an indefinite doctor.
I'm a human, I'm a human.
And I feel so much, but I'm hard to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey for over 2,000 people, and the average amount of choices that he says to pick an American American, it's about 70 a day.
Not much, in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents.
Researchers recorded the different tasks for these executives and time that they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they made 13 jobs per week.
Naturally, each work included lots of conditions.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think of your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of a hour?
How do you rank the way those decisions handle?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today: choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions, and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand just if you want to burn calories.
Another way, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please, you get a palm.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the poverty overload?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, this very, very high level supermarket, at least at that time was very sophisticated.
It's called Design.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were about 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 of the water water, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved to go to that store, but I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the case of the oil oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were on board box that came from family trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I said,``Is this strategy for offering all of these options? ''
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists who came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the shores.
hallway.
They had 529 different classes.
We installed a post to taste, right to the entrance entrance.
We put out there by six flavors, or 24 different flavors, and we looked at two things: First, what do people were willing to stop to test the wet?
More people stopped when there was 24 -- 60 percent, that when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a ship.
So here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there was 24, only three percent came to buy metric.
Of those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent bought.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy killed if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy it, we probably don't get it, at least it's good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the poverty of choices affects us in a good transcendent decision.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't get us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Wall Hamas, Mom Mexico and Dr. Kang, where we looked at the decisions about savings for a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested to see if the number of supply supply available plans for retirement, the program , 401, hold people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation.
We had 617 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funds were offered, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that make two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as tall as it would like.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation went to 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there's more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger it was the number of choices, the more people were inclined to avoid actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely is that they're making the decision, that they apply it even when this is against the self-interest.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though they're doing better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that gigantic variety of May, mustard, vinegar and depressed, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, to contrast and choose that amazing display.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've been testing, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse their business.
The first one is, cutting.
You've heard it before, but it has never been more true than today, which is more.
People always bother when I say,``cutting . ''
They worry about losing space in the park.
But actually, what we're seeing increasingly is that if you decide to cut out, you get rid of strange choices, there will be a increase in sales, you'll go down the costs, there will be a better experience in the election.
When George & Gamble went from 26 different types of River & Roses to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When corporations, when you remove the products for cats that you less sell, the uses increase in 87 percent, for two causes: greater sales and fewer costs.
You know, the supermarkets today, on average, is about 45,000 products.
In a Walmart shop, there are about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the world today is Delhi, and it offers only 1,400 products, a kind of tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have arisen on how to manage better choices is the student of David Philadelphia, the Harvard program.
All of Harvard employees are automatically introduced to a safe fund of life.
Those who really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees,``Tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate, you won't do your customers . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people from this audience, a vacation with all paid the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to have a applause if you're ready to take the offer of Gary.
( Applause ends) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't it more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it actually led to hear more hands.
All right.
You actually had more information in the first round, that in the second, but I can get up and say you thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the bee overload.
For people to understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of each option, and that the consequences must feel very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when you use debit cards or credit, that when you use effective?
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out to be more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Salaway Keviller and Steven Prize, about the staff of working British officials who worked in NGOs . These people were in a meeting where they were spreading to a 401 plan.
To that meeting, that we were at exactly how it was used, we made a little addiction.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this room, there was a rise in the 20 percent of the 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is to classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did on a magazine hallway.
We saw that in the supermarket of the ridge, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 33 different types to 1964.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to define them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called``Part"and the other,``Balancin . ''
If you think the one on the left is needles, and the one on the right is 1916, they're a palm.
( Applause ends) Well, there's some.
If you think the one on the left is Poper, and the one on the right is needles, you can get a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Poper and the one on the right is needles . But you know something?
This classification scheme is totally useless.
The categories have to indicate something to who choose, not that defines them.
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funds.
allegedly, who are reporting?
My fourth category: Condition complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision, the purchase of a car.
This is an German manufacturer of cars that allows you to look at it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that make each one.
Color, outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, box of change; four choices.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order that decisions appear.
So half the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, lots of options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you're always touched by the default button in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed, you're losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of options for a few, they suppress the button by the way over and over again, and another more.
We lost them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
The same information, the same number of choices.
The only thing I did was to disrupt the order that information is presented.
If we start with easy, you learn how to choose.
Although choosing the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration, we all have to be prepared to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more connected to the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the bee overload: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives -- concrete, making it real, to classify, and we can handle more categories with less choices -- condition complexity.
All of these techniques that I've introduced you were designed to help manage the alternatives, or better for you to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful when you choose.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice art to choose.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Eastern East communist, if you had a typewriter typewriter, I should register it to the government.
And I had to record a piece of text of an example written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we don't think that someone could do this, how much that would limit freedom freedom.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a printed yellow dots on each page that follows a pattern that makes them themselves from one and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be a lot of fun.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the Web.
If we see what happens in the online world, we can add the attacks on their attackers.
There are three main groups.
They are criminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Hollywood in the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, a lot of money.
There are really many cases in line, minds, that gained money with their attacks.
This is Vladimir Steven, from Time, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gondoz.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Bern World.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tori Alzheimer's, etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking drugs to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought on a infected computer.
The secret service of the United States two months ago, frozen the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 140 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jain washed up; he's known his stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are victims of a decline than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong to worse.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attackers in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that drives them, they motivate them, they motivate the opinions, they motivate them.
Groups like Anonymous have described in the last 12 months by hitting a role on the online attacks.
Those are the three main attackers: the criminals who do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is the national states the governments that are attacking.
And then we see cases like to ignore.
That's a good example of government attack against their own citizens.
To ignore is a relativity authority of the Netherlands or, actually, it was.
I declared the last fall because of a listener.
They took the safety of the site, and they would protect a cyberattacks.
Last week, I asked him, in a meeting with the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they were able to outsource the death of people because of the attack to ignore.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die from a attack of these?
To ignore is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do people serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with HTTP, services, Solar, services like Gmail.
Except that you intercept a foreign service authority.
And they emit colored certified.
And in the case of cognition happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, protesters took the headquarters from the elected Egyptian police in April 2011, and during the course of the building, they found a lot of papers.
Among those papers, I was this power called``Ferrofi . ''
And within that folder, there were notes of a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens in the country.
They had sold this tool for 80,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The headquarters are right here.
That is, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments so that they do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, it was found by the Ask, a farmer used by the German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is an intervention.
But today it goes beyond.
You intercept the Internet connection.
They'll use even tools like the Constraction Scholarship to infect our computer with an arm to allow them to see all communication, and listen to the online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be``Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play privacy.
Private doesn't discuss.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
Now, if we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right right that we have today, it will be forever.
Are we going to rely on any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the south of National Park in Nairobi.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park in Nairobi doesn't have fences in most of the south, which means that wild animals like zebras migrate outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one of the ones who killed at night, and so soon we stood up in the morning, and we found it dead, because it was the only mistake we had.
My community, the masses, we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to support them, and so we value it so much.
So I grew up making a lot of the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think this is why there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi.
A child in my community, from six at age nine, is responsible for her father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions gave them fear.
But I realized that this doesn't really belong, because even helped the lions to see the stable.
He didn't give me . It continued.
A second idea was to use a windshield.
I was trying to deceive lions to believe that I was near the stable.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the transplants, and they went, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with an torch, and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'll sell and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I gave everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply electricity to the little dynamic box . I call it a transformational.
And the overwhelming box makes the lights flash.
As you can see, the firemen give up, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when you come from night.
The lights flash and deceive lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the bottom, these are the lions for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators like the hyenas, leopard, and it's also being used to escape elephants of farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Christopher International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping raise funds and awareness.
It even led my friends to my community and we installed lights in houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the halls of the wise shooting the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying, and he said that someday I would be within one.
And here I am.
I got a chance to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My great dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot.
I used to hate lions, but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
I heard about it . What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So I got a scholarship . Richard neuron: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next in your list?
RL: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence . CA: An electric fence?
RL: I know you've invented electric fences, but I want to do mine.
CA: You try it once, right? And you -- LT: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a wire . CA: At the foot of the canyon . Richard Street, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage on every step that you, my friend.
Thank you very much . MT: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called no envy.
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Il-Sung history, but we never learned a lot about the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Though I was often asked about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and I had never passed hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop being in this world, because we haven't eaten in the last two weeks.
We're lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase my memory.
A woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms, watching her mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine in North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
At the end, more than a million Koreans died during the famine and only they survived eating grass, insects and tree crust.
They also became more and more often the energy cuts, all around me was completely dark at night except for the sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we didn't.
This is a satellite picture from North Korea at night compared to neighbors.
This is the Broad River, which serves between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very August in certain points, allowing Koreans to cross.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out from North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like like a Nigerian refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the Native refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and he would be assumptions to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became true, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and they played me in the police station.
Someone had accused me to be a storyteller, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't look natural, it could be incarcerated and broken.
I thought my life was going to finish.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, a officer told another,``This was a false report . She's not a storyteller . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China seeking asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports police.
These women had a lot of luck.
Though they had caught them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and reports to North Korea, where they are tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Though I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard only to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everybody can get into an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to teach myself going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea was a much bigger challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, and I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a huge gap between North and South.
We're all Koreans, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of division.
Even through a crisis of identity.
Am I a surgery or a storyteller?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride me.
Although I adapted to my life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I started studying for the university test to university.
Just when I started adapting to my new life, I got a call alarm.
The North Korean authorities would intercept some money that sent my family, and as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to force to a location far outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I got into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for more than 3,000 miles across China, and then through Southeast Asia.
The journey in bus took a week, and we were nearly caught several times.
We once, our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody, and he started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came to my family, I slowly stood up and told him that they were kind of friendly people I was eating.
He looked at me occasionally, but fortunately I believed.
We did all the way to the Ross border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Japanese.
But even after I spent the border, my family was arrested and contained to cross the border illegally.
After paying tickets and bribery, my family was released in a month.
But the time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the ALS capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to liberate my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison in the short distance of the South Korean embassy.
I went and I came in between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or ticket.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking me,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about questions.
With my poor English and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans and to get them out of prison.
I was grateful with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping you ,"he said.
\" I'm helping the Indian people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The remarkable speaker symbolizes a new hope for me and for the Indian people when we needed it more.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of international community are really the hope of hope that the Indian people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or any money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practical language practices, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us are following in contact with family still inside, and we send information and money that's helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help give Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more national browsing around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is South Central: shops of readers, fast food, dead land.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central Center to represent something else, so they changed it to the South Angeles, as if this would fix what's really wrong in the city.
This is the South Los Angeles . You've got collections, fast food.
Like 24 million other Americans, I live in a desert of food, the Southern Central South, home of food places to bring and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food sites to take more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curious diseases in the Southern Central South.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I love to see this happen.
And I wonder, how would they feel if they didn't have healthy food, and if every time they go out of home see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as cars used.
I see centers of college dialysis as Starbucks.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I also tired me to drive 45 minutes away and go back to buy an apple that has no pesticides.
What I did, it was to plant a forest forest in front of my house.
In a land of land we call a gardening.
It's about 45 feet three meters.
The point is, that belongs to town.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Green, we get together and we started planting our food forest, fruit trees, you know, new vegetables.
What we do, we're kind of a group of a group paid by adopting all the backgrounds, all of the city and completely volunteer, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, I was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city came up with me, and in short, they gave me a little girl saying I had to retreat my garden, the child was made court.
And I said,``Come, really?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matters?"So it was like,``Well, let me introduce you . ''
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Port, and he spoke to the head and one of the Greeks Green members, who put a request in Chandler, with 900 signatures, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My boss was even called to say they were back and donated what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the city of the United States.
It has 68 miles of solid terrain.
That's 20 Central Parks.
That's enough space to plant 125 million plants of tomato plants.
Why doesn't the hell look like this?
It will grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar of hydrogen will give you 75 dollars of output.
It's my hymn, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Cancer your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manufacture my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I grow my art.
Like an artist of graffiti, which depends on walls, I'm wearing soils, gardening.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my democracy of that canvas.
They would be surprised to see what the land can do . If you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how astonishing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how it affects kids.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a crowd.
Also, they get strawberries.
I remember an occasion, who came up with a mother and her daughter, and they were like 12 at night, and they were in my garden, came out and looked very close.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I told them, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt embarrassed by seeing people who was so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't fear people will steal your food? ''
I say,``For God no, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it . ''
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but at your time, I want you to take your health . ''
There was another time when I put a garden in a refugee in the middle of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared his stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so just for a moment.
That's how Green Group has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow quiet, kids will eat quiet.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes, but if you don't teach them, if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind what you put in front of.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught . I see color kids who are on this way designed for them, that doesn't bring them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see a chance where we can train these kids who are embedded from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
The next George Washington Mars is produced.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy glasses.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is you have to hold it.
What I'm talking about is to put people out of the street, get the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening up farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become corresponding, operating, announced gardens.
We have to change the script of what a income is.
If you're not an administrator, you're not an income.
And the spores take their stick right?
It's their weapon of choice.
In sum, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your stick so that you can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Clicks sound) You'll probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rains a lot.
They can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I suspect.
And especially if you're riding on your bike and these cars, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to do porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, it has pores and water can pass through it, so all the water water flows down to the sides and they have a road that's easy to drive, and they will not strike water.
Noise will also disappear on these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can undo.
What is to get rid? You see that in this road, the stones of the surface are coming out.
First of a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- good, I won't do that . But they can give you your windshield, and you won't be happy with that.
And finally, this can also bring more and more harm.
Sometimes they can create potholes with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Kames, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
Here you can see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so only has a little amount of chess among stones.
Because of the mind, to the ultraviolet light, the hearing, this airport, this beast, the glue between the noise, is going to shrink, and if it comes up, they will become ants and it will separate from the aggregation.
So, if you drive through the road, you'll pull the ingredients -- like we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about self-repair materials.
If we can make this material beat, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, from that to clean forward, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the net.
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel steel on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a controller machine.
India can heat, especially the steel, it's very good at that.
So what you need to do is heat the steel, melt the web, the cat flow through these comics and stones will look back back to the surface.
I used a microwave oven today, because I can't bring the great machine to the stage here.
The microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried many samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 meters from the 13th highway, where we had to make a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test in road, and then, of course, this road lasts several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them with our computer machine and we repair them and we would test them.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy energy to actually increase the life of the surface of the road, they can even double life from the surface of the surface, they can even save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the show here . It's pretty hot.
In fact, you have to get into the first time before you can show the repair.
But I'm going to make an attempt.
Let's see . Yeah, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken a morning with the sound of the sex in my house.
My father was hearing BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
\" The Taliban went!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban became Afghanistan and made the illegal girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, who couldn't be alone outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books in market bags to look like we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us trapped in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, the school was closed by a week, because the Taliban was suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did you know where we lived?
We were terrified, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total picture of a remote province from Afghanistan, insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father broke it.
But my educated mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will retire two years ago, just to turn our home into school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to get education.
There was no doubt that his children had to get education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a greater risk in not educating his children.
Over the years of the Taliban, I remember there were times that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Yemeni, daughter me, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house for a war.
But there's one thing that I'll always be with, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will do it.
So, do you still want not to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the high school, and if my family wouldn't have been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I'm here proud to graduate at March College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was exiled from his home for the courage to educate her daughters, was one of the first to congratulate.
He's not just about my college title, but also that I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who carry it by driving it by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the Global ambassador in 125, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded Solar, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like the mine, lawyers for them, despite and still in front of an daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not your real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than one month ago, he and his daughter was going from Stewards to his village, and literally, they were unable to be killed by a bomb on the way, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice warned you that if you keep sending your daughter to school, you'll try and try it.
\" You know, if you want ,"he said,``but I won't hurt the future of my daughter for his old old ideas . ''
What I've given from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of the people we're born, there's a father who recognized the value of her daughter and see that success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, often they are the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, they animate them, I see a future future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and boundless possibilities, and every day the girls of the Stewards remember me.
Like me, they dream.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``daughter, you resist Gaddafi . fought against him.
But you never get a relative style Park . ''
They've spent nearly two years since the Bible revolution inspired by the vast mass movements both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian.
A forces with lots of other citizens, in the country and outside the country to call a day of anger and start a revolution against the register of Gaddafi.
And we did that; it was a great revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront, demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom fees, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an advantage to the face of the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi.
They've shown a lot of solidarity from the extreme East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and defeat the tyrant.
But Gaddafi left a heavy burden, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the version of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of the digital society.
mindful of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved, next to many other women, rebuild the civilian civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was established about 200 organizations in Geneva during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Proposition.
After a period of 33 years of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about developing capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women of Women Women, a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation, to advocate for the biological autonomy of women and for our right of equal participation in the construction of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the liberal period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model of the policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 77 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, gradually, the elation of the election and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing; every day we found stories of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the new mosque computers and graves.
Another day I met with the news of the American ambassador and the student attack.
Another day we woke up with the news of the official officers of the army.
And every day, every day we woke up with the government of the militia and their continued violations of human rights and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is polarized more, and it has drifted away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the collective list and the choices.
I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, we choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We didn't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The street list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polarized and mastered with selfish policy policies and exclusion, both by men like women?
Perhaps what needed was not only women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and even.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than choices, which just reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of female more than the numerical representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an agent agent and call days of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, not only honor, but also put the mercy instead of the revenge, the collaboration instead of the competition, the inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, depressed by war, desperately desperately need to get peace.
Because peace has a alchemy that's about the interaction and the alternative between the female perspectives and the male.
That's the real cream.
We need to establish that in a kind of existential way before we do it.
According to a science of the Koran``Lama"-- the peace --``is the word of the Microsoft God ,"[ Democrat, compassionate]. ''
At the same time, the word``Map ,"which is known in all the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``Horbips"-- the uterus -- -- by building the feminine and motherly, that would bring all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all people have loved.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion, all of existence.
That's how you say,``My mercy is driving all things . ''
That's how he says,``My mercy is prevalent on my anger . ''
That everyone is denied by the mercy of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an intriguing question, which has an equally intriguing answer.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to deal with is the one that everybody do: Why does she stay?
Why would anyone stay with a man who pays it?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no domestic violence expert.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I just met at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and a editor in the Renaissance magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green American folder, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, was pointed to the head with a gun, loaded with high collar bullets.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened with killing me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, disaster disguised, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
Until his story could be.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm in English at Harvard University, and I have an MBA in marketing from the Royal Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the list of the list``Fortune 500 ,"among them Johnson & Johnson & Johnson, Leo Borney and The Washington Post.
It takes almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black Labrador and driving a Monterey Monterey.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all the levels of performance and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a problem of women.
Exactly not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the demonstrations are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate, interdependent and long relationships or, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence; reason why, the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told them that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who pays it, and in fact, I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and more than 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples, neighborhoods and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signs or their patterns.
I met Lord in a cold and rain night of January.
I was sitting beside my side on New York subway and started to flourish with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he also had a college of a University of the Levin Life, and he worked on a very important bank from Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that seemed a guy in the field.
He had big motors like apples, and a wheat hair hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the most intelligent things that I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it all over the beginning in a pedestal.
We started coming out, and he loved it all about me: that it was a list, that I had gone to Harvard, who was passionate to help teenage girls, and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
He believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done it.
And that was why the literature in that prestigious school and the work at Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any single relationship of domestic violence is to shake and make the victim.
And I didn't know the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I was going from New York City and leave my dreams, but I thought it had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Congo and I were together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a crazy love, which was coming in a head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it does.
And this is where those guns come into scene.
As soon as we moved to New England, you know, that site where I was supposed to feel so safe was bought three guns.
One had the car's mitt.
The other way down the pillow in our bed and the third always in its pocket.
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that he lived from little.
I needed them to feel secure.
But those guns actually were a message for me and, although I never raised my hand, my life was already in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Korea happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning, and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we were going to live happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very quickly.
I just felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make it hurt.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I had had a few times against the window of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our skin moon, it was drowned by traffic and I'll get a Big Mac to the face.
And it continued to follow me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is the victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point of their life, and the Centers Control Center reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
On the contrary, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly tormented man, and it was the only person in the world who could help him face his demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't it just do it?
Why didn't I go? I could be at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a marker.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in domestic violence happens after the victim has put end to the relationship, after leaving, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include the permanent harassment, even after the abuse has gone back to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family's family system to land the victim and their children, who are normally forced by judges to spend time not superstitle with the man who paid their mother.
And we still continue to ask why it's just not?
I was able to go down, because of a last suicide grave that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, he would have killed me if I had allowed him to.
So I broke silence.
I told everyone, the police, to my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to bring to the victims like analogy headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The fault is yours to stay ,"as if we're victims we're going to be able to deliberately choose to love men who want to destroy.
But since I published``Love Love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped, that they learned a considerable lesson of what happened to them, and they devote their lives and happy lives as employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out I'm actually a victim and a survivor of very typical domestic violence.
I went back to marry with a tender and white man, and we have those three children.
I have that black Labrador and also that minister.
What I'm not going to do again, again, is a charged gun pointing down to my head in someone who says I want.
At this point, you're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hey, how stupid it was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, that they're listening to me right now, that they're being abused or they were small or they are adding themselves.
The suitcase could be affecting his daughter, his sister, to his best friend right now.
I was able to put my crazy particular love to break silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is only in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
We sell the victims around the world.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the ticket to the light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
Plant your vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to intervene consciously, to slow their scale and show the victims a safe exit.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful countries that should be.
Thank you.
Hi . I call myself Cameron Russell, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be accurate, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this point there's an uncomfortable tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed like this . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage; so you're a lot of luck to introduce you, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they appeared, they don't have to tell you now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable; less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to spend this sweater for the head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as you cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also superficial.
I've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer would tell me that he would lock up the back and that the child's hair.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little we can do to transform our look, which, although superficial and unchanging, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being courageous means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my workforce, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but in a sense.
The first question is, how do you become model?
And I always say,``A car was discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I made model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated it to a high and religious shape, to womanhood and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, a heritage that I've known to do to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience that are now skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait . There are Namibia, Sarah, Joan Sponnicies, Louis Boning.
First of all, happy to know so many models . It's surprising.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at NYU, I told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 1976 models hired, only 27, that is less than four percent, weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Could I be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is: Why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a contemplating and poet surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be a model, then I tell you, I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the reaction of the British Ocean magazine or the executive director of H & M, or the next Steven Missismu.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's surprising, and it's not a work that you can choose.
I'm going to show you all what I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike behavioral surgery, it can be summed right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've done your studies, and you have a resume and some work on your back, no matter what you say, that is, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your resume said,``The underwear model for 10 years, people would look weird . ''
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are concerned.
And yes, you basically take all the pictures, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a bikini, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
That's how I put my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a computer party a few days before the photos for the French Ocean.
Here I am with my football team and magazine V.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not myself in those pictures.
They're creations of a group of professionals, papers, makeup, photographers and statesmen, and all of their aid and people of poetry and production, and they get to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too many students of 20 centimeters, and that I never use, except the first step, but the privilege that I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a shop and I forgot to bring money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a little driver; he jumped up a red red, and, of course, they stopped us, and it's a bit sorry, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their aspects without matter who they are.
I live in New York City, and last year, from the 160 teenagers to those who were given and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17 black young men and Latino young in New York, so for them, isn't it a question of me to stop?
And when?
By researching for this talk, I found out that 53 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that number is elevated to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is life in a model?
And I think the answer you expect is: If you're a little bit more thin and you have the most brilliant hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just one part of what happens, because what we never say before the cameras, what I've never said before them, is: I'm sure.
And I'm because I have to worry about it every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They just have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothing more to fashion, but it's probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something to stop from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since it was the biggest enough to get a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I wasn't who I did.
There were no artistic directors, no festivals, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took random tourists.
My story starts when, by finding me in New York City to give a connection, my wife pulled me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday . That's the corner of 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you know what comes now.
When the third birthday was approached from my daughter, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take to Coke to New York at a virtual journey and continue the ritual? ''
This is when we start asking the tourists that were going on to take the picture.
It's surprising that the gesture to deliver the camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has ever been denied, and fortunately, nobody has ever gone with the camera.
So we weren't aware of how much life this journey would change.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day in the way that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They are also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through your eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion every year.
Recently, on one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly it stopped in dry and pointed out a red red of the wrist shop that I was sleeping in the previous visit.
And I described what had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
He told me that he remembered his heart to patent with force when I first saw that place for the first time nine years.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are memories.
So, I want to share the idea of participating actively in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't know in many family pictures.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture, and you don't want to get closer to somebody and ask it: Do you take a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The divers are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter characters like sensory characters, stupid, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the pink, resource press, these are the attributes that you associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean, they don't help prevent the spread of disease.
You're hardly monogamous . You're far away from extinct . And my favorite, the divers have better presence . There are two kinds of biomass on this planet.
There are the New World City that are mainly in the Americas, like the drivers and the cards, and the Bionics of the Old World, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So why are the divers important? First of all, provide vital ecological services . Clean.
It's our natural garbage collectors.
They clean the carcasses to bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that they won't be for them, and they would cause large losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no contemporary, the carcasses take three to four times more time in describing, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
The divers also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the ancient Egyptian culture.
It was the symbol of the protective and the materiality, and, along with the goat, they symbolizes the unit between the Alto and the Boston Egypt.
In the Hindu mythology, Manya was the digital god, and he risked his life to save the daughter of the 10 head Chinese department.
In the Tibetan culture, the very important open sky, in places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to reward them, so these biofuels provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with the biomass?
We have eight species of carbon in Kenya, which six are in extreme threatened threatened.
The reason is that they are being poisoned, and the reason they are being poisoned is because there are conflict between humans and wildlife, the capital communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the biomittes are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of biomass are in the critical list of endangered endangered, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they have the prey consumption of livestock that has been treated with an analog drug like the Lincome.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Since there's no objects, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in bridges of carcasses, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb . The number of radio cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 72 containers are going to be on top of Lake Turkana.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there is a horrible trade of dead objects to serve the workers and market market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting these birds.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focus on a problem that is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the biofuels, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can they help? It can become assets, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell them to focus on these very much creatures, and you have to focus on your time to spread the word.
When you get out of this room, you will report about the books, but you talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors on the books.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said it changed from opinion because he watched them fly without effort, no spending of energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1971 to 1977 . I look young, but I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Cote d'Ivoire, Algeria and Somalia, in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set up in Africa failure.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead, everything we did about it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``weddings of the Sending ,"was a project where a Italian, we decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So we came up with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends to the Seattle River, and we teach the locals to grow Italian tomatoes and collaborators, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't support . We were amazed that local people, so fertile valley, hadn't had agriculture.
However, instead of asking them how it was possible that we don't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we're here ."`` Right now to save people in the famine of famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa was growing beautifully.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow up to this size . In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe that, and we were telling the symbiosis,``Look what easy is agriculture . ''
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight in the morning, about 200 ethics came up from the river, and they ate everything . And we said to the markets,``Oh my God, we hit them! ''
And the symbiosis said,``Yes, that's why we don't have farming here ."`` Why didn't they say it?"`` You never asked . ''
I thought we were only the Italians we were eating mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and then seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed them.
You would have to see the waste -- you should see the waste that we gave people's people's people.
He wants to read a book, read``Death Aid"by Mammotlinistric, market economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Watch it from a African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are memory, imagery missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or the sponsoring, or we are patient.
The two words come from Latin root root, which means``father . ''
However, it means two different things.
So design, I treat anybody from a different culture as if they were my children .``I want a lot . ''
Pattern, I treat all of the different culture of a culture as if they were my managers.
So the white in Africa are called``Bank ,"boss.
That book gave me a slap on the face .``The small thing is beautiful ,"written by Shanghai, who said for about all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, drop alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said,``Can you imagine a city that's not a transgendered city? ''
I decided to only respond to people, and I invented a system called the Daniel company, where you never started anything, you never start to start anyone, but it becomes a manager of local passion, the court of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's quiet.
It's always a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of locality.
We don't work from offices.
We got together in a coffee . We gathered into a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give a sense of someone.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of reaching a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we hear them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never attend, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what you want to do with your own money, which opportunity has identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one, and we work face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the family doctor of the business, who set up with you in your house, in your kitchen table, in the coffee, and help you find the resources to transform your passion in a way to earn your life.
I started this as a test in Spain, Western Australia City.
I was making a PhD at that time, trying to get away from this dense garbage where we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects on march, and the government came to me to see to see,``How can you do that?
How can I do it?"And I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I shut up and listened to you ."So, the government says,``Honey again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dravid, one of the most wonderful business advisers in history, passed at 96 years ago.
Peter Dravid was a philosophy professor before involved in business, and this is what Peter Arabia:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an economy of innovative enterprise . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the business spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christchurch without knowing what the smartest people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people close to conversation with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, has to be fantastic when you help them, and then you'll get it in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you introduce more this morning?
Place local people . That's what you've applaud.
So, what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first Industrial Revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and from one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The face as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do that.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
They're going to be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a future magazine, many years ago.
There were a group of experts that were invited to discuss the future of New York City in the year 1963.
And in the year 1863, this group of people came together, and they were thinking about what would happen to the city of New York in 100 years, and the conclusion was consumed: New York City would not have been within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and they figured out, if population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring the population in New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to tackle.
They were already raging in manure . So, in 1860, they were dividing this dirty technology that would destroy New York's life.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States, they appeared 150 automotive manufacturing companies , 2001.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, spectrum, factories in places.
Norman, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them a chance.
In another way, you won't get to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer a absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And then, of course, you will have to tell the truth with it.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things fundamentally: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to have to tell you a fantastic marketing, and you have to have a great financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
There is no.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 companies of Carnegie, Kosovo, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: none of it was initiated by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have arrivals, who come from a little business environment sitting in coffee, in bars next to their dedicated decades who will do for you, what somebody did by this gentleman who talk about this epic, somebody who would ask you, what needs?
What can you do? You can do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` Would I want you to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those of us who surrounded us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't really exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like bad, potential and chalk.
These projects arose from questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad time?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes into the empty shops so that our communities can reflect our needs to our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant trees that give you lovers, drunk and writers for centuries and trust in a city.
It always gives birth to music . There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one of the most likely properties of the United States.
I live close to this house and I thought I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009 I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
Their death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a deep gratitude for life.
He gave him clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I'm going to make this look at my daily life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let me go through the day to day and forget what's really important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends transform the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard, and painted about it phrases to complete:``Before I die . ''
So the assistants could take a chalk, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect this experiment, but the next day the wall was full and he kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I die, I want to sit into the seat line . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the Web . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to the rescue of somebody . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be totally myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hopes of people made me laugh, and they gave me, and they gave me comfort in difficult times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and scanners, and it's about giving up the reflection and the contemplation, and to remember what is most important for us as we grow up and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now have been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we show the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distractions in increase, it's more important than ever, to find the ways to preserve perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid speaking, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters us as individuals and as community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
Fermi is 22, and it's high and very handsome.
Don't talk, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
It knows what love is.
You share it by the way that it happens.
It's not surprising . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: never mind.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to make words that I couldn't even tell me, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It puts the most profitable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year when each of my iPod songs came out of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four, my arm in my arm during the first episode of the Texas and the birthday of Jay Gaga.
Doesn't it look amazing?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because your minds don't adjust the concept of society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what drives my heart and strength my soul was that even if that was the case, although they wouldn't consider them in the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes to physical skills.
In each individual, they manifest differently, there that Tim is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, is diagnosed a new case of autism, and although it's one of the disorders of development that fast increase in the world, there is no cause or pure cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When a few months ago, I realized that he was different.
It was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
I started alive and queens in his own world, with his own rules, and I found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars into rows around the room, looking at the washing machine and eat anything that would be between media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more apparent.
But beyond the bankers, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
normality goes through beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it's different doesn't mean that some of it is wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to Romeo and Sam and you would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- they are a gift! Every one of us has a gift inside of us and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change die at the time we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what should have been Alice on the country of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who would give a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . scared of truth . scared of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice should have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had those conversations with students, and I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We need desperately a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know that, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please reasonable.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the players, they study the players, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, care about jargon.
The jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
You can say,``Space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time"that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to do.
Rather, as Einstein said, everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
You can communicate clearly your science without engaging the ideas.
So something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies . They are ways of hook and excited with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget from the signs of``bullet . ''
You've wondered why they call``bullet"? The bullets are killed, and they will kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it takes too much into the area of the language of our brain and we're overwhelmed.
Instead, this example of Venezuela Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the players is so strong that I really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, flexible phrase, that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what's described.
I think these are just some key key that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, all over the media, make me simple . Thank you.
One of my favorite words from all the English English Dictionary is``empowerment . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And``empowered"means``sensitive politician . ''
Although there was a journalistic editor from the 19th century who defined her much better when he said,``A scale is something that looks for a public charge no matter, platform or principle, and that, when I win, he's going to get it for the mere use of a beautiful resistant monumental . ''
I have no idea what``creek"means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1717 that the British Parliament allowed the newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliamentary chamber.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the name of Francis Republican, who faced the Parliament.
They sent him in the London Tower and they got incarcerated, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end, he had a popular support in London who won.
And only a few years later, we had the first set of the phrase of the phrase``such as the metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's for a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to show you really how words and politics interact, I want you to return to the United States, just after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debated in Congress for a long time.
All sorts of suggestions were introduced that could have influenced.
Some of them wanted to call it``Department of State Washington ,"and others,``Her Art George Washington ,"and other``Department of U.S. People . ''
Not very hard.
Some of you just wanted to call it``king . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And not even with that, they were the idea that you could be elected by a certain deadline.
And it could have been served.
Everybody gets tired immensely, because this debate was introduced for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor senator, and I always wrote,``Still with this issue . ''
What caused the delays and the point was that the Conservation chamber was against Senate.
The Christian House didn't want Washington to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he didn't give him to him or to their own ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest, more insignificant and more pathetic title that they came up with.
And that title was``president . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . It already existed before, but it just meant,``Somebody who gave a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more likely than the term``collection"or``supervise . ''
There were early presidents of little colonial documents and government fractions, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate was supposed.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it president . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign dictionaries . ''
\" And who will take seriously with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of the United States? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't lead.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never completely reported the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there, waiting for the Senate to enter action.
The second thing that we can learn is when a government says that a measure is temporary -- -- it's possible that we're still waiting for 24 years.
But the third thing that we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the President of President in the United States doesn't sound at all so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads, the largest economy of the world and a fleet of unmanned air vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story has led to the title of the degree.
So the end won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness; well, it was a singularity for then.
But do you know how many nations have now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the kind of 5,000 nuclear warheads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate won and the Seeted House lost, because nobody's going to feel humble when they tell you that now is the President of the United States.
And I think that's the great lesson that we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you.
Politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality, but actually, change much more the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters underground in a illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the speed of sweaty bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk, but especially that cacophony of male tea and stones with primitive tools.
Like everybody else, I'm wearing a cheap light of genius light, tied into the head with this attack, and I can barely distinguish the branches that hold the walls of that hole from that hole that falls hundreds of meters on the ground.
It's restore my hand, and suddenly I remember a minister that I met days before, who lost control and fell into that pump.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risk their lives without paying or reward, and often dying.
I came out of that hole, and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're prey from slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor to be the only expo at the University of Vancouver Peace.
Among all the amazing people I met there, I met an integral of the September, an NGO which is devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not to that degree.
When we finished talking to me, I felt very bad; honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days, and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I had a supply of the stomach, and, weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the World's director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some, even, would consider them my second home.
But this time, I would beat the dirty rag.
A conservative calculation says that there are currently over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced during the entire deal of transactional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farming slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
That's the equivalent of the $50,000 today.
However, it can be applied to entire families by generations of $18.
Surprisingly, slavery generates profit from more than 13 billion dollars per year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find that they're forced to work without paying, under threat of violence, and they can't escape.
The slavery is operating in trade: the goods produced by slaves have value, but those are the ones that produce them are disposable.
The slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the doors of bricks.
This strange and measurable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Daniel.
In a temperature of 54 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped up in a heavy pile of dust stack mechanically bricks in their heads, until 18 at the same time, and they bring them from the independent furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
They were despite by the monotony and the tiredness work in silence, doing this task again and again for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe rehydration would make me pee to pee.
And so the heat was the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a lot better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the scholar that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to prove emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer them any direct aid.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen in that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to rely on the Molas and work within the system for his release and trust that they would get it.
In the course of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones for miles for mountain land to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big levers were heavier than the children who were carrying them and the children hold them to their heads with cold careers made of sticks, ropes and rags.
It's hard to introduce something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying because this has been this whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers were picked up their freedom, the slaves burned their houses.
As we hear the word slavery often we think of sexual traffic and because of this global awareness, I was warned that it would be hard to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was shocked women who had been perfectly sexual slaves.
They drove me by a few experts that gave this dirty basement, of sentiment light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Audience, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where women's slaves with their girls and children, some of that only seven years are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single place is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by hands of their customers.
From foot in the premise, I remember having a acute acute fear, and at that point, I could barely imagine what should be trapped in that hell.
I just had one output: the stairs where I walked in.
There were no clear doors.
There were no big enough windows to climb.
Those people don't have an escape, and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, is happening around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in the domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that 100,000 and 300,000 Americans are sold every year as sexual slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
The textiles are another activity that we often relate with the labor of labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families that were enslaved in the trade of silk.
This is a portrait of family.
The hands of black are the father, the blue waves and of red, of their children.
They mix paintings in these big barrels, and they dip silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the score is toxic.
My instructor told me his stories.
\" We have no freedom ,"they said.
We still hope, though, to be able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are over 4,000 children enslaved in the Lake Lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a family family in a boat, two older siblings, some younger boys, makes sense not?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their familiar families, and they were missing and forced to work on massive nests on these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up with it, it was shaking; it's got a little canoe to be destroyed.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees plunged in the lake of the lake, often trap networks and children, fatigue and fear, drop into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are drowning.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of fear is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, he often treat the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the last networks, but they had been working from one.
In the cold and powerful night.
And it has to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met it in a shelter where it's a shelter in which he's going to rehab victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because anyone decided to make the difference in their life?
By driving through a road in Ghana with the partners of the Second, a adventure adventure with his stream suddenly accelerated and turned out our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it for a way from land to the forest.
At the end of the way, he urge us out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then he pointed out this path visible, and he said,``This is the way, this is the way . Come . ''
As we started to go down, we removed the tools that blocked the way, and after walking around about a time, we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we melt in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the famous path ended abruptly in a clear, and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
Many women had children tied out of their backs, and while they were looking at gold, they walked in poisoned water.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a piece in the other part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, refused, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The pits have to 90 meters, and these people carry heavy bags of stone that will then be transported to another area where they're going to make the stone to extract the gold.
At the first sight, the site seems to be full and strong men, but if we look closer to close, the margin we see to work to other less fortunate and also children.
They're all victims of injury, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended like this victim of tuberculosis and the training of the market in a few years.
This is Venus . When her father died, his uncle took him to work with him in mines.
By dying his uncle, Venus inherit the debt of the uncle that force him to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident on the mines, so serious that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Venus has tuberculosis, and yet it's forced to work night and day on that mine.
Still, he dream about being released and educated with the help of local activists like the September, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give testimony of them and to do everything that we can to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not journals . They are people, real people, like you and like me, that deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I'm not thinking about these so many beautiful, battered people, that I've had the great honor to meet.
I hope these images will wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force will turn a fire and that fire shine light on slavery, because without that light, the fate of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a mathematical problem, and there's a peculiar problem for who makes it: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what we're doing.
So today, I'll try and explain to you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We're holding the wonders of the ballet and the client dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial activity that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's Parkinson destroyed this extraordinary ability, as he does with my friend Dan Rosling, who, in his time, was a virtuous ballet dancer.
Over the last few years, it's been progress in treatment.
However, there are 2.7 million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable, tremor, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in the objective way, and ultimately the only way we will know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective and complete metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other disorders of the movement, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological test for 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, out of clinical trials, they never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a unconventional way to try it, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Dan Lincoln.
This is a video of the vibration of vocal strings.
It shows someone healthy as he emits sounds, and we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes necessary . The Mozam, for example.
And like the ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Think about the time that takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects the vocal organs.
On the bottom, you can see an example of irregular tremor of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal shaking, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspiration after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these exams based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, they're both not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do that.
They're both accurate . Well, but also the tests based on voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be automated.
They do very quickly, about 30 seconds like a lot.
It's a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it appears to massive scale.
These are some incredible goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency, we could get objective data.
We could make low-cost mass feedback for clinical trials, and for the first time, city scaled.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it's too late.
So by giving the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Amazon Initiative of Parkinson.
Together to European and McDonald, we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have accessible local lines for 750 million people in the world.
Anybody, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who isn't?
What do you get from these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR: Of course.
MS: You see, some people may not happen . They may not finish it.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances, it's important because we're looking for eliminating the factors of confusion to look for the actual markers of the disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MS: Much more than that.
In fact, my graduate student, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it's shown that it works on the phone of mobile phone too, what it looks like . Now we have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: novelists and nine . Well, it's a improvement.
MS: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much . Max elites, public.
MS: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photography in New York City.
We are popular creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do to the weak models, even more thin, the perfect perfect skin we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my home, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Soon after, an organization where it was voluntary, there was a organization, to the place of working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers, knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to the end.
It's a small village town in the front of the $50,000 people, one of the first villages affected by the wave.
The standard water level reached more than 24 meters tall and more than three kilometers inside.
As you can imagine, the town was devastated.
We took rubble rubble and goats.
We cleaned up schools . We took the slime mud and leave the houses ready to be renewed and repeated.
We took tons and tons of dead fish, appearing, lost of local factory.
We get excited and loved.
For weeks, both the volunteers as the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and cards.
They all did the same thing.
You'll collect them and bring them to different places from villages around to keep them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they were in the wave, and to save their lives, they had to leave absolutely everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a center of the people.
It helped clean up the regular bathrooms, the huge ones, giant bars.
This place turned out to be the place of the people where the polling center collects photos.
And they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I'm going to walk myself out of my horizons that something happened.
By looking at the pictures, I found some who had more than a hundred years ago, some of them were still in the lab, I couldn't help you think about how to fix that reason and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelmed and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started taking the pictures.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too ruined, but where water had decorated the face of the girl, I had to fix a lot of precision and population.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the sense of it, and that would be as tragic as having the photograph.
Over the course of time, they came up with more pictures and they needed more favorable, and they needed to go into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people in 12 countries were offered to help.
By two weeks, I had 150 desperate people to join.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Beijing, a neighboring village to northern Kama.
And once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photography libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were trying to give them is a different story, depending on the waste of the photos.
I could take an hour . I could say weeks.
I could fulfill months.
This irony had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures plunged in saltwater water, covered bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all the time with the time of time continues to destroy them, so that they would clean up to hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't take a picture of the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been claimed by his owner.
We were lucky with hand palm.
We have the guide of a remarkable neighbor.
It's very easy to hurt even more the photos.
As a San time, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures were lucky relative to photos.
She had begun to wipe her herself, but he stopped realizing that he was even more.
He also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face wouldn't have been able to rebuild, we could isolate the images in a single photo and take the picture.
When I picked her pictures, I shared something about his history with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the pictures in a soup station between the rubble far away from where their house was, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the charge of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water as the Sirens sounded.
Her little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he handed her his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift that I could do, something that he could look back to look, something that could remember the past that wouldn't have been marked by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers, hundreds of them had joined us to clean up more than 175 photographs, the vast majority of the majority of their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world, they helped us back to 90 families of totally restaurant pictures.
During this time, we actually don't spend more than $1,000 in teams and materials, most of them in the printer.
We took pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone dear.
They're a little bit of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look for.
This was what the project was about, to restore little pieces of humanity, to bring someone their connection to the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a huge difference in the life of the sketches.
Some of them connected to something bigger, to return something, using their talent for something that are not thin skin models.
To finish me, I'd like to read this email, and I sent him the day I came back from Japan after six months.
While I was picking up, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One in particular, a photo with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, gathered around a baby, moved, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my newborn daughter, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in the entire world, our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Percent inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that is traveling an apple in a exhibition of just a millionth seconds.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I introduce you a new kind of photograph: the motor -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion in motion light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and really challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I'll put it up and turn on a billionth of a second or whether it's a point of photons to create a microscope of a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot on this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspects of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a crab is what I'm trying to travel.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light light.
Coca-Cola didn't take this research . They happen a lot of things in this film -- to challenge this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, comes into the bottle with a little bit of photons that starts to catch it, and that, within, it starts off.
Part of the light comes up, goes to the table, and we started seeing these ripples.
Many of the photons finally get to the lid and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a air bubble that bounce inside.
In that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the points on the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the professions concentrate.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make the same distance, and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that movie?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film of a moving slow motion.
And what about a dead nature?
You can see the waves that are pulled out of the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I thought, from a hobby at once, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll notice that as the light gets out of the tomato, it's still glowing . It doesn't get dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce inside and comes back after several balloons of second.
In the future, when this paradigm is in your mobile phones, you'll be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a picture of low exposure, it goes into very little light.
But we're going to take a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so you can barely enter some light.
We send that bullet, that package of photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over and over and over and over and over, and we took those gigabytes of data, and we took these gigabytes of data and we store them computer to create those drugs that I showed you.
We can take all of those data in raw and process them in a interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow you to see behind the corner?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . They bounce, to get into the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bounces.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, it's our motivation.
Behind the wall is a command and we'll bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like this, our motivation, it has unique capacities.
It has very good temporal resolution and can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point to do to what distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a photo in gross, which you see on the screen, it really doesn't make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, will bring them together and we'll try to analyze the multiple lights of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before taking this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build able to be able to be able to see the interior of the body by waving super actors, and the same for cardiomed.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists, so that they start thinking about photography as a new kind of visualization to solve the health imaging problems in the next generation.
So, like Doc Percentine, he himself was a scientist, he turned science into art, an art of extraordinary photographs.
I realized that all the gigabytes of data that we collected every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves . Remember, time between each one of those waves is just a few balloons.
But something fun happens.
If we look at the waves under the lid, these are away from us.
The waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order that the events are happening in the world sometimes appears to invest in the camera.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distorted.
It's time . Thank you.
Hi . This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to Sunfil and get famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a privilege of 1984 and alive in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back at that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people tried to look for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people assembled to protest a change, they had a cell phone.
Who has a mobile phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phones, get them up!
Test them . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Most of them today have a mobile phone.
But today, I'm talking about my mobile phone, and how life changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 devices of information.
The data in gross.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the University of the E.U.
The FDA Initiative.
This directive says that every European telephone company, every single Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information information.
Who calls whom . Who sends a email to who.
Who sent a text to who.
And if we use the cell phone, where we are.
All this information is stored by at least six months, and to two years, in your phone company or the Internet provider.
And all over Europe people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data database.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone and the Internet providers to store all this information on us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be the Standard 2.0.
The tsunami was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can we store all this information about us?
Any time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Leonardo Kelmit, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, which Please sent me all the information that they had about me.
I asked them once, and I got them to ask, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're practicing my life.
So I decided to start a legal demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Johnson Kellying said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
It would take the demand and they sent me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the unconscious for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly ugly ugly with a CD inside.
And in the CD, there was this.
And that's about five minutes, and five minutes of information.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive . Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little skeptical: What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the database means.
So, next to Keith Online and opinion Data City, we did this.
This is a six-month visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and away, go backwards and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm going from Shakespeare in train, and what often I call in the journey.
All of this is possible with this information.
That's a bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
It's from all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one calls the other, and the other one, and we ended up with this big network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, what time sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who's sent a email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and to two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the state had known who involved in this protest, and, if the Christ had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And, in implication, not the fall of the iron of iron.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information of us as possible within and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But the self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When you go back home, give your friends that privacy is a 21st-century value, and it's not happening.
When you go home, tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information about you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you to remember you have to fight for the self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call myself Man Mancour, and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor who brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, enjoying the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, that's why I'm wearing all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting.
and Muhammad Al.
The P C is not genetic.
It's not feasible, and it cannot contract.
No one divided the uterus of my mother and not the control because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
Just go through accidents, like the one that happened to me when I was born.
Now, I warn you, I'm not an inspiration source.
It feels bad for me, because at some point of life, they've wanted to be disabled.
We go from walk.
Christmas Christmas, are in the mall, drive in circles in search for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think,``God, can I be at least a little disabled? ''
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C is just one of them.
If there's an impression of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I am Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, you might have to do it.
I'm from Paradilla Parkinson, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York, I could.
Many people with cerebral palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't be . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can do it . You'll dance song . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were suing the school system, and they were sure I was too, and if we didn't get all the maximum note all of us to get my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my waves on their feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang up a dollar in front of me so that I would follow it.
The frustration that I carry in was very strong and ...
Yes . The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a boxing champion that has received a lot of taps.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they keep being all of the family, I think nobody realized that we were not Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think about using``hate to Muslims"as a campaign slogan.
The people that I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to be concerned to be a lot of a hunger for the Ramadan.
I was telling them that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so to help dawn the radar, it's very easy.
dance in Broadway.
Yeah, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm in New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation in the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents fear that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to shake me, so I drink a deer milk, and I would put hot cups on my back, and I'd dip on the dead Sea, and I remember the water loved his eyes and I thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga.
I should say that it's very boring, but before doing yoga, it was a comedian comedian that couldn't stand up foot.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be on the General hospital board.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the Great State University, because I was going into all the jobs.
It was like the pet department of the theater department.
They all loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene from my crystal zoo, my teachers crying.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the Great decided to make a piece called Ballet very slowly in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy.
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started screaming at four winds:``In order to have a role!
I have cerebral palsy.
Good free! A free end!
Thank God Almighty, I'm just free! ''
I didn't get the paper . They gave Tahrir Brown.
I went to investigate running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask her why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, it cannot be the character . ''
It was a role that literally had been born and gave him to an actor without brain paralysis.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a lost history of hearing actors without disability for disabled roles.
When I graduated, I went back home, and my first flight tour was like extra on a novel.
My dream became true.
And I knew it would be``companion"to``Better friend"in a saint.
Instead, I left there as a garden, and it didn't look at me more than the top, and it was obvious to me that the report directors didn't hire fat, not white, digital actors.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up looking at Kano Goldberg, Roseanne Kara, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedians.
So I made a humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when he fell in the realization that I went to high speed by the New Jersey highway with a driver that had cerebral palsy.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the world's first ambitious world.
I never like to pick the first place, but I do know that they never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find very fun.
In 2003, my brother's brother and father, Dean Langage, and I launched the New York City Festival, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media and at the time to remind the reports of reports that South and Arabs are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was as invited to the news news program with Keith Hans.
I entered as if I went to a graduate dance, they dragged me to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were alive!
So I'm clinging to the desktop writer to not go out of the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity and I picked it up . I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Selinger came back to me, but I was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in the head with Keith Hans was that people on the Internet are scum.
You know, the kids are cruel, but they never loved me or child or older girls.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became an object.
I saw clips online with comments like,``Why? ''
\" Is it delay? ''
And my favorite:``Poor terrorist funding.
What disease does it have?
We should really hear for it . ''
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum, a Buddhist, comedian, athletic.
The disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't do Kenya, then Kenya can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled are the -- yeah, clap, man . Come.
The disabled minority is the largest minority in the world, and the most susceptible in the world of entertainment.
The doctors say not to walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would create less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we need all the society to teach our children well.
My utter journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet that was held by the damage of the Susan South Bank, and the International Robert Robert.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandy and to work with my pain, the incredible Dave Matthew.
I remember the world,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was elected in representation of the great state of New Jersey in the 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Men ,"an organization charity to give children Palestinian refugee children a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me performing live, and he devote this talk to his memory.
[ unclear].
I call myself Man Mancova, and if I can, you can also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
I live in a little town to the South Guatemala.
This village is near Mogadishu.
The drought leads to the small village people and the edge of the winter.
Nothing for him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mancheeler, the capital of Somalia.
When you get there, there's no opportunity, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe a year, nothing.
One day is about a gentleman who offers him to bring him to lunch, then to dinner, to breakfast.
She knows a massive group of people, who gives you a break.
It gets a little money to buy new clothes, money to send home, to his family.
They introduce a young man.
It's finally home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, a bomb car.
That child from that little town with dreams of the great care was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were al al Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So how about a child's story of a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end up putting it up?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for a chance, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he got.
This was the first thing that we call the waiting period.
And his story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the marginalized, young urban urban people who are demanding riots in Johannesburg, they have riots in London, they're looking for something beyond the waiting period.
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18 years old.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the history of``wait periods ,"the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to gangs, will be the history of cities 2.0.
And in my hometown, Manchester , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Machel Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the hospital hospital, thinking,``What if I would never have gone? ''
And if I had seen forced forced to be in that same``wait period . ''
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a business.
It led to about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat and we had a brainstorming of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges that the city is facing.
One of the young people in the room was Al.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect perfect for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different way.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
And early years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
You see an opportunity and the advantage.
It started a motorcycle company.
It started applying motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
She bought 10 motorbikes, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motorbikes for the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the entrepreneurial spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting period.
He's looking at young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mahmoud, a florist.
I was helping to train some of the young people on the top of corporate entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate entrepreneurship.
In fact, it's the first florist that Mogadishu has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you used to be plastic from the foreigner.
If you ask someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So Mohamed saw a chance.
It started a company company and a floral design company.
I created a farm in the outskirts of Mogadishu, and he started growing supplies and lightweight, which said, could survive the hard climate of Mogadishu.
And it started the delivery of flower flowers, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park of Mogadishu in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and, like he says, smell the proverbial pink.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink, because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
He encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that they could be critical to change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They were doing business solutions for local problems.
So inspired young people and creating a culture of corporate spirit is really a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put out of their business.
They connect young people with the resources that they need, give them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Park Park, this is how he calls it, when it's created, will transform the way people see their city.
They can take kids out of the street to help rent and keep the motorbikes for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralysis of the waiting period.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: They turn young people into entrepreneurs, they attach and feed their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and parks of the Peace that adopted and wait periods.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went camping with my dad in the Carnegie Mountains, a arrested area north of the state of New York.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun made the leaves shine like a vet, and not to be the way we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings to spend that land.
We came to our camp.
It was a shed in a record with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a trash, about four square feet with apples of apples of aluminum paper, and old blue paper.
And I was thrilled, and I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The wasps that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought, who thought was going to clean their garbage?
That question went on with me, and it was simplified.
Who clean our trash?
No matter how you organize or where do you put the``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our garbage, to reason 11,000 tons of waste waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who's doing that work.
What does the uniform feel like and bring that burden?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations in the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a garbage collector.
Now I didn't just travel on trucks . I drove them.
And he was operating the mechanical jeans and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everyone asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as primitive as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you would be used quickly.
It costs a lot of the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept holding up the weight of taking over their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Office of Labor Statistics, waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation events in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and you get into traffic all day and you're going through you.
They just want to leave, so the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also garbage itself is full of dangers that are often falling out of the truck and causes terrible damage.
I also learned about the simplicity of garbage.
When you get out of the corner and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
He never stops coming.
It's also as a form of breathing or circulation.
It must always be in motion.
And it's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I believe strongly that waste claims are the most important labor in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
These are the first public health drivers.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to absorb your container and your inherent dangers threatening us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we don't have space for what the engines of the economy begin to fail when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I just throw her relationship.
And then there's what I call our average daily speed.
I mean just at the speed of the speed that we used to move in contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair, we clean or take us with our coffee cup, our bag of the manifestation, our water bottle.
We use them, we threw them, we forget about them, because we know there's a force force on the other side that will be embedded from it.
So today I want to suggest you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Her work, I think, is almost a quadriplegic.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when you expect them.
And his work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us away from ourselves, from our own waste, our waste, and that flow must always keep one way or another.
One day after September 11 from 2001, I heard the noise of a collection truck in the street, and I grabbed my little son, and he pulled the stairs running, and there was a man doing his recycled of paper recycled like he did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank him for doing this particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be fine.
We're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching waste collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, and we work together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to figure out how we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and keep in mind all the costs, even the very real human cost in the labor hand.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistic.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next thing you see someone whose job is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life to form part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
I brought two recent projects today as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example began with an invitation to design a shopping center of several floors in Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, on what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to get out.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the glass with crystal generates heat inside, so it's needed a lot of cooling.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees per year.
And third, it doesn't have anything to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame from a place that's so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really excited with the old market that is this structure to the free air, where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a modern building, many stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by increasing the site, which is located in a very growth zone in the city, where a lot of the buildings we see in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that are not communicating in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, putting all the inputs in the building.
And this spreads with an unfinished atrium that creates an open-air space in the building that unfolds, by its own, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with little businesses, which changes every floor because of space form.
I also thought, how close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue similar to a parachute of ants to allow the input of the air, and also the light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired in these beautiful buttons of the dresses of the Ethiopian dresses.
They have properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me to model the facade.
We're building that with these little programmable pieces that are the windows that let the air pass and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is supplement with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall of the mall, because at the end of account there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economical, not only because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy storage for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage in the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with areas of gathering and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these patches on the roof, that they collect water for the health care.
It's expected for principles next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the medina, a $1,000 structure of antique that was surrounded by a wall with a lots of access doors connected by straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand the existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks similar in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we select some strategic points in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell in the project, as the apartment, as a essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best orientation for a apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's neutral, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we set up a scheme that makes sure that most of the apartments are perfectly embedded in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like to bring the community to space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and solve, and do activities like running a too than two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same pace that are growing buildings.
So for this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple, but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as an objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight, a new child joined our class . It was so remarkable, as all the new girls look at.
I had big amounts of very bright hair and a little chip of pencils, cute . It was super strong for the capitals of states, very good for photography.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my state.
I got a time after my school out of school, and it was a little late, and I was hiding on girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I went into the classroom, took the table of my master's book.
And then I did.
It altered the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just some of them.
All the way . And I was willing to return the book to the drawer, but to see some of my other companions had very good grades too.
So, in a brakes, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put them to everybody's rows and myself a row of that, just because I could ...
I still surprise what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all dramatically obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I was struck by the reason that I bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for photography.
I'm intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so compelling.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates also . The birds are very likely.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of tunas in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that delivers loneliness, or the long duration or the sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the laboratory that the jealousy is studying in all of their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's a exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, I would have no literature.
Well, it wouldn't have Helen the infidels, there wouldn't be``Odysseus . ''
There wouldn't be any dark king, not``The thousand and a night . ''
There wouldn't be Shakespeare.
They were going to disappear the reading lists of high school, because we would be losing``The noise and the Empire ,"there wouldn't be``Ferrofi"or``Party ."We lost from``Give me Barry"and``Anna K . ''
No jealousy, there's no property . I know it's fashionable to say that it has the answers for everything, and in the course of jealousy, it's almost all of them.
This year is spent 100 years of his masterpiece,``In search of lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual jealousy, and also the ordinary competition, mine, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the usual details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of an underwater chocolate in tea.
We forgot about how hard that image is.
We forgot about how implemented it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Robert said was as hard as a cat ticket.
I don't know what the cat cake is, but we assume it's super.
Let's see why they're going so well, the novel and the jealousy -- the jealousy and PowerPoint.
It's going to be very obvious, like the jealousy, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, to their preferences, are a good narrative based?
I don't know . I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being at the same time and the audience, we know exactly what details to include, to clone the knife, right?
The jealousy people make all of the amateur novelists, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure, maybe right now . ''
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh charm that Chopin detects in his lover, he adds her to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Rwanda and Proust, they were notoriously jealous.
You know, they would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The jealousy are exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the jealousy?
The jealousy is nutrient of information.
The cells use the details.
The jealousy people like the big quantities of bright hair and the cute and small amounts of pencils.
The jealousy pictures of pictures.
That's why Instagram is so successful . It's also a nice language that's associated with the jealousy.
When Chopin is in his pocket of jealousy, suddenly listening behind the door and bribe to the managers of his lover, then they defend those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know you think this is disgusting, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Now, it's trying to prove that the jealousy people see intersection and make us seem absurd, but in their hammer, they are search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . In fact, the more painful the truth, the more it is.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us to make a range of more profound and vital feelings than a wise man who can be interested to us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that jealousy strikes disclose ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our privacy, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at intense intensity?
Freud wrote about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very restless young man who consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that his wife did, without realizing, involuntary behavior.
Does it smile too much? Or does it accidentally sound with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the pain of his wife's unconscious.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how cells make us look at intensity but no precision.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the jealousy ones lead us to make violent or illegal acts.
The jealousy drives us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at eight years old, I know, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard about news.
A woman in 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which he was sent to hear messages, horrible to himself, for a year.
For one year, every year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his girlfriend . I have to confess that when or this, he reacted to admiration.
Because we're realistic.
How huge, though unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a novel of a novel of Patrick Hospital.
Hey is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train"and``The talented Mr. Right ,"books that are about how the jealousy, confused our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be perfected in an instant.
Take Tom Rish, his most famous character.
Tom Rosey's going to hurt or want what you have to be appropriate from your self and to get rid of what you ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, it takes your rings, it's going empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the route of Tom Island.
I can't give you anywhere, as much as you might want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in times of jealousy.
I mean, are we good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the envy? Right?
The novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to the sponsor of Baker Street, and we asked for Steven Holmes.
When people think about Holochap, they think about the curse of the mind in the Mediterranean Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always prefer [to] Lesterland, the head of rat Carter's rat of rat that needs Hongs desperately, needs the genius genius, but it bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Detroit needs its help, but the residential, and he bubble with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as you work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The] very the version of the Six Google, once you reported in, you determine everyone with your solution, Letter comes back to Histories and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Homo.
We are proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there's no person in Silicon Alpha that I didn't want to get her hand.
It's one of the times that we see symmetries drawn in history, and it looks like this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the jealousy as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute, Hey is the opposite side of Detroit.
The next minute is the same side.
All of a sudden, Detroit is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry, just a question of where are we allowed to be relative to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to report from the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the planning plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to get us.
Only the fiction is discovered by the jealousy fiction.
The fiction alone is, he invites the table.
And look at what clustering: The sweet Delhi, the terrifying Tom Rosey, the crazy San, the same Mars Progress.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo Apollo of Apollo 11 and descended on the Sargasso Sea.
Armstrong and Alexander were alone, but their presence on the surface surface gray was the culmination of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization of peace in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people, and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
He was walking on top of his surface, which David after the death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back : 1855 kilos of old rocks, and something that 24 would emphasize later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The financial answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon?
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you might also ask, why scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why fly over the Atlantic?
Why do you play Rice against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Ponder: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
In the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to be able to do it.
The landing on the Moon occurred in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the polio is eradicated and removed smallpox.
The technology seemed to be given what Alvin Fortune in 1970 called``array force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles per hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than Apollo 10, and the choice of the power of technology has evaporated to see that we think that technology will solve how to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feeding the world population seems to be an intractable outcome.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that I didn't look at the escape tube of the Saturn V.
I knew that this would be the last standard mission, but I was completely sure that I would see the colonies on Mars.
So that's what happened to our ability to solve problems with technology, has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard this for the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists had shown us and had been enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong in most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a facial explanation in Silicon Valley, who confessed that they've created less ambitious companies than those of the years that Intel, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the investment investment causes us to change the creation of ideas for the funding of incremental or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what goes wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were at their legal point without worrying about risk, they would prefer small investments, sense investors that they could go out in 10 years.
The CIA . They've always had trouble to invest in technology in technologies like energy, which need huge capital, and whose development is in the long term . They haven't invested in development of technologies that are destined to solve large problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We don't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from sources of renewable energy like solar, wind and carbon . Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than the barkett.
We want sources of alternative energy that can be able to compete in price.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what politicians and international treaties would incentivize the development of an alternative energy: mostly, a meaningful increase in the research and development development, and some kind of control of the cost of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we're going to see a U.S. energy policy, or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seemed technological, they're not going to be.
We know from time that famine is result of failure in the food of food.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crises that affect the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine while they were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes flow a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon would tell the war to cancer in 1971, but we soon found that there are many types of cancer, some terrible resistance to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
The difficult problems are difficult.
It's not true that we couldn't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions have to support the solution; it must actually be a technological problem, and we have to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, is that we have those criteria.
But it's a model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who makes the hard and dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was only three days old.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We are alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't need the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by remembering you by remembering the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a claim: there's been a huge decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more confidence.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the reality, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you about today is a different story about a claim, a goal and a task, that I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all,``Why do people think that trust has decreased? ''
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm thrilled to think that it may have gone down in some activities or institutions, and that might have increased others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the polls of opinion, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the polls of opinion over time, there's no evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were challenged 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizenship of the street is almost halfway.
But is this enough evidence?
What the opinion polls are recorded is, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when certain questions are asked.
Did you trust politicians? Trust in teachers?
Now, if someone asked you,``Do you trust the clubs?
You trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers? ''
You would probably start to say,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust some, but in other no . ''
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust in a difference.
We don't assume that the level of confidence that we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, work or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the reading class, but in no way to drive the school cycle.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our daily lives of the way that trust is different, why do we leave all of that knowledge when we think about trust more abstract?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to figure out the good trial judgments to trust something or someone.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more confidence.
Frankly, I think it's an stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would chase.
I would argue to have more confidence in what's a confidence of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a warn not to trust what is not trustworthy.
And I think those people who put their savings with the very right way called Mr. March, which then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
To have more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Deposit or denied, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, it says, yeah, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a trial on how trustworthy people are in certain aspects.
And I think to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competitive in the business matter, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to bring a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely rogue.
If it is, I still don't disturb myself.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
The confidence is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
Over the last few decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all sorts of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier the task to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece, and he said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will have the part . ''
And we found the same problem in all our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and confidence tests, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is to make the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the midwives, demand that,``Look at the boxes ,"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness, and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust and we will transmit people that we are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politics are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's judgment, simple actions, attitudes, what doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, it puts things up.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we're making other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them the ones enough for you to trust yourself.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive, usually, to all people, all the time.
But you also have to give them a decent evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do it?
That's every day, everywhere, makes it ordinary people, officials, institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give them back without giving explanation.
I take them up and give me money, or they change me for the color that I want.
That's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good test that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think that what we're pointing on is not a very difficult thing to figure out.
What people trust is relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been working by reducing the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of screen where imagination can be unleashed.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more, to such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
I first created this tool that's inside digital space, so that when the strong against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels.
Designers can make their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So, with this tool, you break the barriers.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get to the inside and interact with digital information using the entire dexterity of your hands?
In the division of Microsoft Science Science, along with my head California Portion, he redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area.
It's going to combine a bird transparent with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get to the inside of 3D space, and grab directly with the hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, choosing them is as easy as to grab a book from a shelf.
You can draw the book and you can highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating display.
The architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with the hands.
In these examples, we're in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and returned things by the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is an online virtual entrepreneur.
This is the vision you get from a device lying in your head or sandwiches when the system understands geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of only seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future like that be?
At the MIT Media Lab with my author Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Remova Post, we created this only physical skin.
This philosophical magnet behaves as a 3D pixel in space, which means that the computer as much as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
By participating, what we did was we could organize gravity and control movement by a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And when we program digitally the object, we released it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and go back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach exhibitions physically and distance and the famous shots of Michael Jordan can be produced as a physical reality, the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and, unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real, palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something, but start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us without us that we have to connect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a cave for two years in Iran, China, in the '70s.
When I was in first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my tiger mother said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they thought that there was just a certain path toward happiness: a safe and good job.
No matter whether the job would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A singer singer must begin to train from very young to learn the fruit, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
Until I wrote to the director of the school and the president of a radio program.
But no adults would give you the idea.
No adults took me seriously.
Only my friends were supported, but they were children, no authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
Now, I think for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved for another vocation.
Anybody around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It goes to books.
[" Smart notes"] (`` Last Side") (`` Law Less Lab") And I got to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is about Chinese Chinese life.
And it's not providing convenient.
The Bible is interesting, but it's strange.
That's one topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``Save your father and your mother . ''
\" Honey ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this conference of connection guilt and to reset the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave rise to my comparative reading habit.
It's a lot of perspectives.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
Companies is not something new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There's to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked for research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can deal with people [`` Benjamin Franklin"from Walter Packa, who were involved in a same place, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation is economic, political and spiritual.
For Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The path of European Tzu"Thomas Microsoft, instead of losing in the translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy ."Ha!
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I won't feel lonely or powerless.
Having a really destroyed dream isn't really compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Its most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Until a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of books, which I am here, happy, living again with purpose and with clarity, most of the time.
So the books always accompany them.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy client.
I was a PhD student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 28-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex walked to the first session using jeans and a black engine, and he was going to sit on the couch of my office took the shoes and said I wanted to talk about their problems with men.
When I heard this, I was so relieved.
My classmates classmates had a machine as a first client.
And I played a summer I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could manage it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brings to the sessions, it made me easy only to move the head while we threw the solution.
\" The Treepen is the new glasses ,"he said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, home after, you have kids later, to death.
For birds like Alex, and I had time.
But soon after, my supervisor pressure me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I resist.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out with guys under your category, you're dealing with a hollow head, but it's not like you're going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``No, no, but maybe marry the next.
Also, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it's married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they were used, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex were a pause in their development.
This made the last 20 of Alex, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign neglect was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not only for Alex and his loving life, but for careers, families and visions of all sides.
There are 50 million birds in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to adulthood without going on before the age of the ages.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the birds here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you're working with birds, you love an aircraft, you remove your dream an aircraft, you want to see . It's fine . It's fine . It's really good.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments,``Aha!"that shapes her life to have happened to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, not in panic.
This audience is going to be fine, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have exponential impact on the amount of money that will win.
We know that more than half the Americans are married, they live or are coming out with their future partner at 30.
We know that the brain finishes its second and final stage of growth in its 20s, and it's programmed for adulthood, which means if there's something that you want to change yourself, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than in any other moment of life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at 28, and things become complicated to 35.
The '60s are the moment to educate on their body and their choices.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily life and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 60s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the boundaries are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood.
The researchers call the '60s an extended adolescence.
The journalists put ridiculous names to the birds like``nuts"and``double-controlled . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triviality which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you pat your head in your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing.
They robbed it to that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and nothing absolutely nothing.
And then every day, intelligent birds, interesting like you or your kids and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know that my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship is not a good time . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that as a career starts before 30, it will be okay . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are to finish, and I still have nothing to show.
I had better resume the day I graduated from college . ''
And then he starts ringing something like this:``My quotes during the '50s were like the chairs of chairs.
They all run and fun, but then at some point around the 30, the music came off and they all started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stopped, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the birds here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds slightly extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the attendances and so many of you starting a career, choose a city, choose a partner, and have two or three children in a much shorter time period.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once at 30.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the race you want now.
Realizing you can't have the child you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of artists, and they see themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the veterans are doing and thinking.
Here's a story of how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having a identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work on art or entertainment, but you couldn't even decide, so I spent the last few years working as a meme.
As it was cheaper, he lived with a boyfriend who showed more than ambition.
And despite living in a very difficult 20, his previous life had been even harder.
I was crying often in our sessions, but then she would raise herself by saying,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came up with his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new journal for director, and I had spent the whole morning with her many contacts, but then he was looking at empty space that followed after the words``emergency ,"please call me...''
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have an accident car accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I give cancer? ''
At that time, it costs me a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that was actually worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just feel like the decisive decade of Emma was going on.
So, over the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that every summer, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
By capital capital, I mean to do something that I added value to his person.
Do something that is an investment in what you want to be after.
I didn't know the future of Emma's race, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I do know this: capital capital creates identity.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that kind of business that you want to test.
I'm not digging up the previous exploration, I'm peeling out the exploration that I shouldn't tell you, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's proceduring.
I told Emma to explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are resolved.
The best friends are excellent to bring them to the airport, but the birds that are together with friends with similar minds are limited in whom they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who's coming out almost always comes from outside of their closest circle.
The new things come from what they call the weak friends of friends of friends.
Yes, half of the birds have a bad job or they have no work.
But the other half not, and weak ties are the way to facilitate this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, to know the boss of your neighbor is a way to get a hard job.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, not least, Emma thinks that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a summer, Emma will soon choose his family, when he has a partner and he made her own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
You might think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But choosing the person that you live with now or you're running now when everybody on Facebook begin to walk into the altar is not progress.
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being so intentional in love as you're in work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with anyone who's choosing you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we looked at that director, and she found the roommate companion of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak bond helped him get a job there.
That piece of work gave him a reason to leave the bride that he lived with.
Now five years later, it's special organizers of events in museums.
This married a man who selected consciously.
He loves his new career, loves his new family, and I sent a letter to say,``Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love to work with.
It's very easy to help you.
The birds are like planes coming from the airport of Los Angeles, which come out somewhere from the west.
Just before it goes back, a slight slight in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good rest, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next year or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the birds that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I've now got the privilege to say to birds like Emma every day: The artists are not the new 20, they're making their adult, they get identity of identity, they use their weak ties, they choose your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management consulting for a work that was even more demanding: the population.
I went to teach math students in the public schools in New York City.
And as any teacher, I applied exams and tests.
I give them tasks.
When I work back, I calculated the grades.
What struck me was that the CIA was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have IQ scores.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that led me to think.
The kind of thing you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, sure, are difficult: proportions, decisions, the area of a power.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and for enough time.
After several years of parenting, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from an emotional perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure much better.
It's the CIA, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn fast and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become psychology.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study, my question was, who's successful here and why?
My team of research and I went to the military Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what skills they would stay in military training and who would take away.
We went to the National Cancer of Design, and we tried to predict what children are going to move further possible in competition.
We study innovative teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking us what teachers are still teaching for the end of school and those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these marketers are going to keep their job jobs?
And who will make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, a feature came up with a significant prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was determination.
The determination is passion and perseverance to achieve long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to its future, day after day, not just by week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in public schools in Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaire, and then I waited about over a year to see who they would graduate.
It turns out that children who have more determination had significantly greater likely to graduate, even when I loved them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even the safety they felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or at the National Democratic Contest where it matters determination . It's especially for children in risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is the little thing we know, the little thing that knows science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a robust job ethic?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . What I do know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals who simply don't keep on their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related to or it's even related to the talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol David, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Jack has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing up in response to challenge, they're much more likely to recover when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So the growth of growth is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to get wrong, to start all over again with the lessons that we learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing in Taiwan as a daughter's daughter, one of my most crowded memories is my mother showing me beauty, the way and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreigner, it seems to be as cost-effective as the Great Chinese Wall.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can erase this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the traces of every single character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
An Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, restaurant menus, understand the basic idea of the websites or the newspapers.
Today, I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
Open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give you a walk.
It does.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was shouting in a pretty cool way,``Help! I'm burning!"This symbol actually is original to the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's the other way . The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door of the door looks like a couple of doors in the old West.
I call radical to these eight characters.
They are building blocks to create a lot more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's``following . ''
As the ancient said, two are companies, three are crowd.
If a person stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person's caught.
It's a prisoner, such as Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, you have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a partial tree is pretty idiots.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, it becomes very hot.
Three fires together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burn.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the glowing.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . They will dawn.
A door . You put a board inside the door, it's the core of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did you play there's someone at home?
This person is coming out hidden from a door, climbing, saving.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, have careful care.
So we've gone through nearly 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing that you learn an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started to create phrases.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the sun.
This is a sun with the origin, because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains stacked one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese mammals would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Nowadays, exile has become coming out.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer from being dad is the movies I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids; when my daughter was four, we saw the magician of Oz together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glenn, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial complex of childhood fantasy.
The magician of Oz was an event itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took a hundred years later with, curiously, another film whose protagonists, a metal kid and a hairy boy rescued a young girl who was dressed in the enemy.
Do you know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a huge difference between these two movies, there's a couple of great differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Wizard of Oz.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the Wizard of Oz is done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy predicted it . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated army.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about Oz's magician is that the most heroic, wiser characters are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of oversight had gone down . So he was bent in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with her patients behind, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but it's kindly absorbing everything.
I wonder what a perceived.
Would you be value issues, perseverance and loyalty?
Would it have a sense that Luke joined a army to defeat government?
Let's compare this with the Wizard of Oz in 1939.
How do Dorothy do his movie?
Making good apes with everybody and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world where I want my children to grow Oz, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital force F, strength in the movies for our children, and so little from yellow bricks?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Science princess doesn't provide the right framework that would have served me to navigate the world of adults that's blended . I think at the time of the first kiss, I really hoping that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are lots of exceptions, and defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the children, although they, the kids, are not really their objective audience.
They do phenomenal work teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy, but don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and analogies like Harvard and Kate, but they don't stop being a war movie.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time is going to appear in classic after classic, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who eat a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out brave.
I recommend it to all of you . It's already available.
Remember what the criticism said when he came out brave?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let them stop them!
Well, almost none of these movies is going through the Peace test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't been roots and it's spread, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Watson Beach is a comic book, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend about the evaluation of the movies that you saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that should be asked: In the movie, there's more of a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie?
Your conversations are about something else about the kid you like, right? Okay? Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things with each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film.
Right? Some Somebody of Oscar, check success, a sense of consensus of what a Hollywood film is.
Pretty much, it's not going to happen.
And I don't think it should, because much of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the resistant crisis.
We have a lot of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hidden, and it's the great time for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say,``Come to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, of the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Five . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women who have chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a bigger number that's going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for kids have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography are highly linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is there's a lot of sexual aggressive.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
What don't you get to learn?
They're using the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we using that story?
You know, as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistics and we want to prepare them.
Do we have tools to our disposal like driving power, and we hope that's going to help, but I have to ask,``Is it going to be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to maintain their male power? ''
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I refer mainly to parents.
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of man.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home of the home and the student.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars, know what he responded?
ignorance.
Book Kanbel and Global.
What do these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories to tell my son: see and struggle and more stories where you see that your job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and be better people, like the Oz of Oz.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I'd like, I was looking for sea cookies in the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered in sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me to collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in love for the past and archaeology.
And finally when I started studying biotechnology, I realized that I saw my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of nearly 3,000 miles of length together to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use the infrared.
This is a place located in Eastern Egypt in Egypt called Banda.
And the place, in plain sight, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright red.
What you're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and activities of ancient Egyptian.
I want to share with you how we used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Toraja, lost for thousands of years.
Stroman was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Media Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in the Franklin, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
Because geologists have always known that Yorkema was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them, indicated inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge plan of rain.
This area is huge, it's about 6.5 miles for 40 miles.
Before, the Nile used right next to Haiti, and as he changed over time, he moved into the east and covered all the city.
So how do you find a simulated city in an extensive landscape?
Try to find it random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA popular data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile was flowing.
But you can see more quickly, and it's even more interesting, this area slightly elevated that you see inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Thailand.
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing sampling jobs; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample atoms in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation.
Five meters down, under a thick thick layer, we found a dense layer of members of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Tommaddri, five meters down, we have a layer of several hundreds of years that give the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Tomor.
We also found jobs of worse -- cooking, quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a workshop workshop.
This may seem not much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that's the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop showing that what's been there, it was a very important city.
We still don't find Brooklyn here, but we will go back to place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in using satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, was probably written in Tomor 4,000 years ago.
Sharing knowledge is most of the vacation.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So, it looks, TED wasn't founded in 1984.
Make ideas happen really started in 1984 in a lost city not for a long time and found from high.
It certainly puts the search of marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I would like you to pay attention to the color color, the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese toys in bicycles.
They're competing in a toy toy of bicycles, and they go into direction to their entry door.
I need to see this really.
They're fighting strong, they're sweating, they're going off a lot.
And they collide against the door of his house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go next to the wheels, ray of the wheels that end up in absurd places.
The lobby, the hallway, or whatever the side of the door, and look at the quality of light, the light shines on the monster of the Dallas.
He's waving them with the hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
They can feel their blue protein by doing them in the nose.
You can smell the whale cookie and you're going to be able to get into the mouth.
They go on one side and they enter their living room.
You know, in the room, and making the maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with little clothing, dancing on his center table, singing``The Hey Obe Moral Time . ''
Now give me the kitchen.
The ground has been coated with a path of yellow bricks, and from the oven, they come to you Dorothy, the Man of Haiti, the Arabian and the Len of``The Wizard of Oz ,"they were carrying out of the hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York City.
It's called the United States champions.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, hoping, I guess that this was like the end of a wise superpower.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different habits of hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, watching them just once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize with much more quickly the order of a bar of natives.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Canada who had come from England and has one of the best dead memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realized that you were a wise? ''
Ed replied,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who participated from this competition, say they have normal memory.
\" We have trained us to perform these miraculous acts of memory using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that are used to City to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I haven't heard about this before? ''
We were standing outside of the competition of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, even though a little bit extraordinary, said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order in a live living boat, national television.
That would test the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Rick Sahara, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start with something not? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year's year not just training my memory, but also investigating it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what it can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man named T.
He's a musician, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that I had a memory problem; it's impressive.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed us to see how much our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pick . He was based on the role of Justine Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing telephone books; it was intelligent.
And when I came back, I read a lot of treaties about writing memory doing something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained, disciplined, cultured memory was not such a weird thing as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
We've changed culturally, and I would argue that we've changed also.
As we have almost no need to remember, sometimes it looks like we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where we still find passionate people by this idea of a trained, disciplined memory, is this very unique competition of memory.
It's not really so singular; there's competition like this worldwide.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University of London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
Would you want to know: Is it going to have brains in some way, structural or dramatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they more intelligent than the rest?
They gave them a battery of cognitive tests, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic resonance machine, they scan their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and shapes of snow . They found that in memory champions, they lit parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something that we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is handle as an armed career where every year is coming up with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should get to the day.
This is my friend Ben Criteria, three times of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 bars of messy nose that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented, and he just mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 440 discrete binary digits.
In a half hour . Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, all the techniques used at the end of the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call collaborative coding.
It illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the paradox``Race"says the following: I tell two people who remember the same word . I tell you,``Remember there's a man called Baker . ''
That's his surname.
And then I ask you,``Remember,``relative . ''
And when I go back later, and I ask you,``Remember that word I told you a while? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that their work is``healthy . ''
The same word, different ability to remember; that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories they dance for their head.
But the word,``Baker"-- we know baker.
They use simple white hats.
They have flour in the hands.
They smell when they come home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we began to put the exciting hooks to get them easily at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the heart of memory.
The story says like this: there was a poet called Sentennar who attended a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't bring a DJ, it hired a poet.
He stood up, he picked her memory poem, and he went, and so soon was, the pole of the board collapsed.
By giving them all.
But it's not just killed everyone, but they destroyed the bodies of the bodies.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
And sound, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with your mind, you could see where every single guest had been sitting.
He took the family's relatives to bring them where their loved ones were in between the rubble.
What you've invested in that moment is something that we all know about or less intuitively, and that is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for words, we have visual and social memory.
If you ask me to remind the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about American, it's very likely that you're very difficult to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the brown horse horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and fold it out of images with the things that you want to remember . The more crazy, the crazy, funny, expectation, is the image, most likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from doing more than 2,000 years ago, the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and want to do it in memory, the same way that Cicero had done if they had invited TEDx to 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And I'll sort of figure out some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely unstable competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Monteree of the crackers mounted on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you you want to introduce your friend Ed Color.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would get into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, that will confuse them, but typical of typical.
The term``typical ,"comes from the Greek``types ,"which means``place . ''
It's a witness of when people thought about the bacteria and the rhetoric with these kind of spatial terms.
The phrase,``First ,"would be like the first place in its memory of memory.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got out of it.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea of writing something great about this subculture of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is an extremely boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting on the tests, and I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people, but I have no access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put myself instead.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sit to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school ship bought in a flea market.
And I found that this was incredibly entertaining.
He'd never expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What it's actually about doing is to get more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, primitive images, compassion, income, absurd and horrible eyes, in the eye of mind.
I got stuck with this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
It ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve good hair for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary that they're going to be put out of memory or memorize barbarians, and to benefit with a little bit of expertise about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deep.
The heart of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, a kind of complete attention that most people don't walk around.
But the reality is, there's no shortcuts.
This is how things make memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave you today, it's what I mean, the insect that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what's already our short existence of losing in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walk next to us, we will be so reasonable that we don't even bother ourselves in processing deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capacities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you should be the kind of person that remembers remember.
Thank you.
Today I'll tell you about the last 30 years of the architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll just play a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I am from @ Jersey, I was six years old and lived there in my parents in a village called Lincome, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom to share with my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the living room.
And there they all spent the time looking at the TV, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I was shower and I wrapped up on a towel, and they all see me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated.
I hated that tour, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division division, but of those visceral connections, emotional, that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
That's 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what you're focusing on: you think about``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know you think about it that way in a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a scanner that uses architects to create emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a lot of time and it's very complicated.
The people who build . The organizers and governments, they always have fear to innovation, and they want to use ways that know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Library of Pennsylvania who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it's got a dome; it has this round thing, columns, red brick, that will leave you with the thing that Snowden tries to communicate with this building: the children, the values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, the other side of the country, was finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both so-called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side is innovation -- architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technologies, new solutions for current life forms.
We drive, we drive and we drive so much, we get completely away from people.
All of black, this depressed us . You think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we have no other option.
We have to go to the other side and come back with those appropriate symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like Darwin, so we started experimenting again; we make the circle to go forward, over and over again, so we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course, over the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago, we came out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called``terrorist . ''
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in scale scanner.
It's something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
Let's push the pendulum again in the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know we like and we update them.
We add together and we added cake cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't just give up.
We took Brazil scholars, and we turned them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval catalogical capitalists.
The shapes were depleted, they won in audacity and colorful.
The dwarf became columns.
The numbers grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But they were 80, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we moved to neighborhoods, and there, in suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
possibly with a path of bread sticks.
This is what happens with modernism.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we recreated memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
The architects feel frustrated, and we start making the pendulum again in the other direction.
In the '80s, in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called sensory denominator.
We downloaded the historical symbols; we now have new design techniques that we've been interested by computer, and we find new compositions -- some ways that crashed against other forms.
This is academic and anti-making, and it's super popular; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the weather pendulum again opposite.
But something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Bilbao Philan, Frank Gehry.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Brooklyn said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academics and general in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times qualified this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Solar.
Everybody wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous worldwide?
And it happened, because media was galvanized around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same thing did the main mayors of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of the new millennium in the new millennium country with other star architects.
It happened to Jamaica and discussions, and what happened with these little elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, the digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how do architecture consume.
A thousand years ago, they would have to walk to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerating: they can take a ship, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology will accelerate . You can see in the newspapers, in the telly, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now -- that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before knowing whether he designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The weather was not a two-year-old movement, it was 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen again . I think, because we're in the threshold of the greatest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, and it's the revolution of media.
My theory is that when the pendulum is applied to media, it starts easier and faster, until it will be in both of us almost in simultaneous, and it's effectively distributed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the audience.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended recently.
We were hired to replace this building that turned on.
This is the center of a town called films in Fiji Island, in New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings were exactly the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, it became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes circuits with collective memory, and by charge these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need Greeks to tell us how to think architecture.
We can tell ourselves what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but have changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those libraries of Minneapolis.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet in search for``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
There's communications that can lead the mayor of phytoplankton, people in Pennsylvania, and tell them that there is no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing.
Everything is different now.
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use complex words and drawings, and you're no longer a personalization that doesn't accept something that you haven't seen before.
The architects can hear, and you're not allowed to go through architecture.
That means that the red pendulum of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in tomorrow will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Line can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick with the idea of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots will be able to build our buildings, because we'll finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are declared to the whims of nature and not to the contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or you can even get married at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming at the New York City in New York City, and raising half a million dollars of the community around that cause, it's no longer a client.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little back pavilion, so muscle and beautiful as animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
The architects already know how to make more ecological, smarter and more friendly.
We've been waiting for all of you.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
Find an architect, put it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings not only reflect our society, but they shape them to the smallest spaces, the local libraries, the homes where we formed our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Tesla.
I just turned up a year, and he started walking.
And it makes it so that, typical of the children in a year, shaking, as if his body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally gorgeous.
And one of the things that we like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
It's laughing and Chile, and it gives itself these big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
And apparently, all of his friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and he made me think,``When stop doing this? ''
How do we suddenly don't think about our appearance?
Because apparently we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking at Google:``Am I ugly? ''
This is France, it's 13 years old and lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's got a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, although his mom says, all the time is beautiful, every day in school, somebody says it's ugly.
In between what his mom says and what his friends, or school partners tell him, doesn't know who to believe.
So he makes a video of it, and he published it in YouTube, and he asked others to please leave a comment,``Am I nice, or am I ugly? ''
Well, until now, Fayza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so unpleasant, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current adolescent, which gets these responses in one of the most vulnerable life stages emotionally.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's bringing them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking, carrying, giving me,``I like ,"comment, sharing, publishing, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected, otherwise, in instant, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like a party in his room every night . ''
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are incredibly impressive.
This environment, of being always connected, is pushing our children to select based on the number of``I like"and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what it's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what is digitally manipulated.
What is the most challenged in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are cover from the news of the girls now.
Zero models continue to dominate our corridors.
The technical technique is now a routine.
And trends like: #supply.
For those of you who know it, it means incredible.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are comparing.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of the sports, and the singers of the sports.
But what is the problem with all of this?
Well, we probably want our children to grow healthy and be very well balanced individuals.
But in an obsessed culture, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacities, their studies and other aspects begin to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see nice enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings, and as an taxpayer to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in exams of tests, if you don't think you're good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a lower note to the average of your companions who don't worry about it.
And this phenomenon has been general in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's independent about what they actually weigh these young people.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem of your body is defending academic performance.
And it's also expanding health.
The teenagers with the self-esteem perform less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more than healthy diets that can bring them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by people around them, and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all the way that they make decisions more risky, like the consumption of alcohol and drug, diagram, aesthetic surgery, sexual surgery, sexual surgery and the environmental damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether they have or don't have higher rates of mind.
17 percent of women don't introduce a job interview in a day where they don't feel secure with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity be?
releasing this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes . The first is that we have to instill trust their own body.
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse the situation.
So we have to make sure that the program that our children follow our children will not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are critical points for anyone willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
Education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us to take the pathways in the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to decrease that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start to judge people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start by taking responsibility for the kind of images and the comments that we publish in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time they kissing a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to change truly our culture, so that our children will grow up their entire person, valuing individual, diversity, the inclusion.
We have to put people to really make a difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out in the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they believe they see never stopping them to be who they are, or to achieve what they want in their lives.
Think what this can mean for someone in your life.
Who are in mind?
Is your wife?
Your sister?
Is your daughter?
Is your niece? A friend?
It could be simply the woman who's at two seats of distance, what would it mean for her if it was liberated from that authentic voice inside that authentic voice, that he's wrong for not having long legs, more thin blame, a more flat wind, smaller foot?
What would it mean for her if we were to overcome this, and we would say,``Is it going to be able to adjust its potential that way? ''
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's show you that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and we compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small variations of a today today, they become agents of safe change.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Samas Saugrant entered a hotel in Manhattan and joined to the rabbi Marsha Kanam, the Leader's League's League.
They initially declared it innocent, but being prisoners for other minor charges, in company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 New York City, including tunnels, synagogues and the U.N. headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by a FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1991 bomb in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
It's later to suggest it would be convicted by his participation on that approach.
post-conflict Standard is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania , 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a wonderful American mother, elementary school teacher . Among the two made all the possible for me to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started changing.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which is very few, even most Muslims, come to know.
By experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in every religion, all human groups, there's always a small fraction of people who are so painfully clinging to their convictions that think you have to use all the means that you can use all the means that everyone lived like them.
A few months before he was sitting with me and explained to me that in the last weekend of week, he and some friends, had been going to go to the shooting training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go to him the next day.
We came to the Port of utter Coloris, which, without knowing our group, was managed by the FBI.
When I tried to throw out, my father helped me holding my rifle on the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last boat that shot I gave the little orange light on the target, and to surprise all of it, especially mine, all the objective in flames.
My uncle came back to the others and in Arabic, he said,``You know.
As a parent, such a son.
Everybody, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a lot of the 700 kilos of explosives in the underground parking of the northern tower of the North Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and did to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``computer ,"which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times, that instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody, it was time to lie and go to another city.
And as it was always, I was the new face of the kind of frequency, it was massive.
I was saving my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, quiet and awful, it was enough ammunition.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
So these reasons don't develop social skills, to say softly, to grow under symmetrical, wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they had to test my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program where I participated in the National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on juvenile violence, and as I had been my phantom victim almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from diverse backgrounds.
One day, towards the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the guys who had done friendship, was Jewish.
I took several days to come out to the light this detail, and I realized that there was no similarities between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend, and I was frankly feeling very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that all of life had been made me believe that it was to surprise.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer work in Bush Garden, a amusement park.
I found people from all sorts of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and, by extension, all of the homosexuals were bad influences.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most lovely and most critical ones that I had seen in life.
Having been bullied by child, develop a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me about a kid, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be gay, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the``Daily Show . ''
All night nights, Jon Stewart became intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my maternal figure at a time when I was desperately doing it.
Occasionally, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I'm going to save in my heart forever, while she's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who's suffered enough with an amazing picture of pictures, and he said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that moment, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside.
My real name is not Zeander Broadman.
He changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, someday, who is trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that although I was told to this violent and tolerant ideology, I didn't get to make myself win.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, and the loss pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, speaking, against those acts, no sense, as rejection to my father's actions.
Now, with this simple, I'm here as proof that violence is not inherent to no religion or race, that children don't have to follow the paths of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you.
At this point there's a film that's projected in your mind.
It's an incredible crash film.
It's in 3D, and it's got a sine sound of what you hear and you see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has scent, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood that are projected in front of your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking stream.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of human beings.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie of their own, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a very consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible science science.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science science.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology was studying behavior, obviously, neuroscience was studying the brain, obviously, but nobody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, everything started changing.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Park said,``Now it's time for science to address consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a science of science work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of science science in recent years was the search for correlations, relationships between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this kind of fantastic work that was introduced Nancy Kanthewian a few minutes ago.
We now understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't address the true central mystery of this material: Why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective internal movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give you a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like the democracies, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical aggregate is all cases of emerging behaviors, how the bees operate, how the hurricanes work, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, adapt and metabolize living organisms . They're all questions about the objective function.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how do we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is the question of why is that all behavior is accompanied from an subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a science scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the software that works . For a long time, I was hitting the head against the wall for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we get stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great . We're used to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're aware of.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Its crazy idea is that there is no difficult problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and this is how you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time you stay, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They develop fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything else.
On the contrary, they consider fundamental, and the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental goes into.
In the 19th century, Maxwell discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton's laws, and then it strikes the basic laws of electromagnetism, and it posters electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, charge, then by logic, you have to bring the list.
The most natural thing is to boost consciousness itself as something fundamental, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the way to manage scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a break.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a t-shirt.
We don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called support:``bread"for all,``passion"for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes in Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea isn't that photons are intelligent or they think.
It's not that a photon can be full of distress when you think,``Hey, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, no.
But the thought is that perhaps the pictures can have some element of raw feeling, subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How would anyone think something crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, is natural to assume it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to be illogical, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the physical process, is to impant awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there is consciousness.
Process of complex information, like in a human, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
And something very exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Guilard Hand, took this kind of theory and development with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information, which is called The Higgs, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And it's supposed to be able to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of Pana, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there's a huge amount of information of information, as much significant, very important awareness.
But when it comes to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of the morning.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero.
In Bono's theory, there will still be a different level of consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of the consciousness, high degree of consciousness.
Moreover, another reason is that positive can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality underlying.
As Stephen Hawking says,``Where does the fire of the equations come from? ''
From the psychological vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, they describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire on the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not coming out of the physical world as a kind of an appetite.
It's right there at the center.
This vision, I think, the psychic vision, has the potential to ensure our relationship with nature, and it can have social consequences and pretty serious ethical implications.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, so I had to be a vegetarian.
If you're a psychic and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking about it, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact that consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence intelligence system in the movie``Will"?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of the psychic information, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, there are pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and ethics.
And finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now, we have a collective collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole group of TED, different from internal movies in each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must be serious.
So this proposition is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer to the first crazy idea, that consciousness is something fundamental, that the second one is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those thoughts of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right way to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we finally will see it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I met my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up with my parents because I wanted to join for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's a apparent problem.
She actually hasn't got anything ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile in my mother's milk, and I spent a lot of time looking at the``Harvard The Valama South"and``Japan's Creek . ''
Yeah, I know . What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of the teaching in a high school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies, a guy lifted his hand and said,``Hey, when do you give your speech? ''
And I said,``What's a speech? ''
Well, I'd been talking to you about the law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your emotional discourse.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspirational things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the act of acts . ''
And that was when I realized: This kid had experienced with people with disabilities as an inspiration objects.
And we're not . And it's not a kid's fault, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disabilities are not our teachers or our doctors or our marketplaces.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do on this wheelchair, and you probably are waiting to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you specifically.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied in terms of disability.
Yes, we have sold the lie that disability is something bad, to massive, M crazy.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not bad, and it doesn't make you exceptional.
And over the last few years, we've been able to produce even more this lie through social communication.
It's possible that you've seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuses is undefined . ''
Or this one:``Before I leave, install! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with leg fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term porn deliberately, because it makes a group of people for the benefit of other people.
So in this case, we classify to the benefits of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad, that's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've gotten strange to express to express that they believe I'm brave or an inspiration source, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like me to congratulate myself in the morning and remember my own name, and this is to code.
These images, those images are conducive to people with disabilities in profit of people without disability.
You can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as disabled person is actually something difficult.
We'd have a few things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think about.
It's not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I subscribe to the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very happy with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned to take the best of their ability as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything out of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to express them in the way we do, when we share those images?
When people say,``You're an inspiration source ,"it says it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here reading inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Tesla, aren't you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I'm not learning that I am more lucky than them.
And I learned that it's a great idea to use a few pieces of barbecue to collect the things that they fall to me, and learning the ingenious trick of how to carry the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resistance of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that we're going to be able to digitize and make us.
I really think that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us difficult life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that is lies because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in a bunch of stairs hasn't made it a ramp.
Never . Second to a TV screen won't make the subtitles for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and leading a positive attitude to convert all of those books to the braille.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching``Robert The Value South"is not considered to be a series of nothing to be on a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we're happy to get out of the bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities, and I want to live in a world where a child of 11 degrees in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprise that their new teacher is a wheelchair of wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us remarkable, but to question what you think you know about it, I know it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average velocity of a color without charge?
Unfortunately, today, I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't break out.
When people think about augmented reality, they think of``Minority Report"and in Tom Cruise, putting the hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because reality is augmented to change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, that's what I'm wearing: the Google Glass glasses.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what's running through the field of play to 160 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that you feel like a man from 10 kilos, you're trying to inspire you with all your self.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what Google Glass is under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practices, because the idea of the NFL in the emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface . But we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Life: Come.
It's horrible to be touched.
A moment . Let's take a little bit.
Are you ready?
Go!
Chris Life: As you can see, it's a probability of what is being touched in the football field, from the perspective of the car.
You'll have realized that you need people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from the University of Washington.
Campaign mask: Satan 54! Steps 54!
Blue 8, Blue 8! Come on!
Chris Life: This is a little bit more to the sensation, but there's nothing to do with being at the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me in YouTube and Twitter:``You can see from the angle of a field farm.
Or a runner?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get from full of full? How do we bring it to the next level?
We bring it to that level using something called Bush Rift, which probably many of you know.
The Book Bob has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh my God! Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a rollercoaster, walking through his life.
What will the experience of a fan when we recorded a video of Adrian Parkinson crossing the line, getting out of a rebreather with the arm before running and make an ant? What will be the experience of a fan.
When it can be months running through the court, putting the bottom down the bottom of the network, or Deliver making a stick in Somugue?
What will your experience be when you go from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a Olympic skier?
Maybe they increase the sales of diapers for adults.
But this isn't really augmented.
It's just virtual reality, K.
How do we achieve augmented reality, sir?
We will get the augmented reality when the coaches and the dinosaurs and the owners look at the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . It gives you money.
So, here's a brief secret about technology at the NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore owners put a lawsuit to their field farm to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the game because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio on the helmet of the fields and then in the defense of defense.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine that they're a player coming back to their group and see their next played shown in front of you, in a plastic video that takes place . You won't have to worry about forgetting a game.
or to memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose games, and they hate to lose games.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual strategy manual.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the helmet and the accelerometer, something that's already working.
And all that information is sent to your players.
Good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have information overload.
This makes good teams of bad equipment.
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis stopped being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
What would it be in the field?
Imagine that you're the field of field.
You get the bullet and you get back.
You look at an open recipient . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left part of your bombsight is activated that a defense behind you is going to attack you . Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the Z system warned you.
You move to the protection area.
Another flashlight has warned you that there's an open receptor.
You toss the bullet.
And the boar loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land . However, the receiver sees in his bombsight a area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It's like, you know, you catch the bullet, you run up and your eye.
The public place and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that creates massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality would be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be anywhere else.
We know what this technology is worth for sports places.
It generates billions of revenues a year.
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much does this technology have for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it's living?
How much does it also for a Mandela Hono or a Neil Department Hono trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of arbitrary notes and Katel?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is about.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, like always, of us.
Thank you.
I was recently retired after 23 years of service in the University of California.
Most of those 23 years ago, I spent the southern end of the County County, which includes the Golden Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful view of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1918.
Joseph Strauss, who was a chief engineer to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is essentially despite suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been idealized as such, so that every single one from him would release you from all of your concerns and pain, and the water that's going on under clean your soul.
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a single free of four to five seconds, the body hit the body about 120 miles per hour.
The impact breaks the bones, some of which would drill vital organs.
Most of them die in the impact.
The ones that don't, normally they stick in the helpless water and then drowning.
I don't think those who contemplating this method of suicide is realizing the death of the death that they will face.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge.
This is where most people get to before we remove life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is in that edge, and in their darkest moment, it's very hard to bring them back.
I took this picture last year as this young girl spoke to an officer by contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring back over the gang.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This wasn't just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officers also.
We've come up a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new officers.
This is Jason Martin.
I met this on July 22 last year when he received a call of a suicide subject sitting in the heart near the center.
I answered, and when I came, I looked at Jason talking to an official Good Gates officer officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up to here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown down to here two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
remembering the Greek mythology, Bassem created Pandora, and sent it to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, you never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
She came out pests, sorrows, and all sorts of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there's no hope? ''
It stopped a few minutes, he leaned up on the right, and it was.
This nice and intelligent girl in New Jersey had just removed life.
I talked to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be laughing very well, because the next day, the family's rabbi called me to see how it was.
The parents in Jason had asked him.
The police damage of suicide affects many people.
I'll ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved suicide?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk, but you have to hear.
Listening to understand.
Don't argue, blame, or tell the person you know how you feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask them the question is:``Other in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life; you've had these thoughts? ''
confront the person in front of you can save your life and be the point of inflection for them.
Other signs of looking for: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve; helplessness, believe that there's nothing that you can do about this -- recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady, and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost her son on the 19 of January this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and he's with his permission and define that I read it.
\" Hello, Kevin . I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave you a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty sensitive, but I'm seeing more moments to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Pakistan to San Francisco to see the part of 40 with her father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the police of Philadelphia and reported it as it disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported that the Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to 1860 in the late day.
Thank you so much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been wrong without suffering a true mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end her.
My prayers are with your struggle.
The LGBT Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Ragazan . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and run the way his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the sidewalk near the north tower.
I drove my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Bertie, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he crossed the railing, and he stopped on that little tube that goes around the tower.
During the middle and the half the next hour, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided to come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, I happy it.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What did you make you come back and give hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
I let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the Kevin mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Lord British, nothing to erase the events of 9/11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin follows us.
So, honestly, I think Kevin was struggling for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicine.
I took Kevin when I was only six months old, completely unconscious of all those adverse traits, but thank God, we now know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
Just in debt with you, Harry Bertie . ''
And at the end, she wrote,``Dad . When I visited the General hospital of San Francisco that night, you would paint like the patient.
\" Wow, I know I had to solve it! ''
Today, Kevin is a loving father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've found in work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide.
That act, despite the end of his own pain, stole me the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide makes.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide, wouldn't think about taking another person.
They just want their own pain.
Usually, this is only about three ways: sleep or drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Of those incidents where I've been directly involved, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
At the end, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped out.
Awful, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to contact in that bridge did not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived, and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most of those people have said that the second one who left aside, they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I say to people, the bridge not only with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everybody and every one of us must strive to do.
The suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question brands you: How do you become that?
I have to be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in no way I am alone.
When I became a model, I felt that he finally had achieved the dream that he had been from a girl.
My outside finally agreed with my inner truth, with my inner self.
By complicated reasons, which I'll tell you later, when I look at this picture, I think, you know, you've got it, you get it, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that, barely, I'm starting.
We all engage our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the value of release, to get rid of the limitations imposed by color color or the beliefs of those around us.
They are people who always challenge status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was registered as``child"by birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years at the Philippines, in my home, I always wore this t-shirt in the head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to do that.
Gender has always considered a remarkable fact, but we now know that it's something more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I think it will be what I'm bad, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate.
Every day to be a woman.
I have Mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, goddess goddess.
And when I was eight years old, I was on a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me: This is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing a man, I met this woman named Einstein.
It's the director of an transgender beauty contest.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in the beauty competition? ''
He told me that if she participated her, she would get out of the explosion spending and the costumes, and that night, he won in a bathroom, won in a row suit, and I was third finalists among over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a lack of beauty of transgender women, but I can.
I also met the goddess goddess, especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001 my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request of the green card that could go to me to live the United States.
I resist.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know, if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two``and"to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious, sophisticated surgeries.
At that time in the United States, it was necessary to make surgery before changing the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the license license with the name Gene and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity of identity means being able to drive or can get a fire, but for me, it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears saw mentally.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and it will be model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think of this woman at the American name.
A young woman in New York who lived his truth, but that, in fact, he put end to his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live in.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November we make a global supply for the Manshah Manderine Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who are fighting and stood in front of injustice.
These are Marsha D. Johnson and Sylvia Spring.
Today, at this same moment, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, and fear.
I'm here, exposing me, so that some day there is no more than 20 from November.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . Kathryn Schulz: Gene, a quick question.
Lena Rose: Sure . You see, first, thank you very much.
My support network, my parents especially, to my family, who itself is very strong.
I remember all the times I've looked at young women, who I've been aware of, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I would take the phone, I would call my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, no . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, we all have a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table the topic that sometimes that sentence wouldn't block, and that there should be a space that would allow people to authenticate, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
There should be understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . BR: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually meet their children, but I am one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
He started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were ignored in 2011, when his efforts were ignored by the National Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I am her father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, women's history is the history of injustice, of inequality, of violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when when a girl is born, his birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not for your father, not for your mother.
The neighborhood comes, day your mother and nobody happy to the father.
And a mother opens up a lot for having a girl.
When I give birth to the first girl, the first daughter, you get sad.
When I give birth to the second daughter, he's shocked, and with the hope of a son, when he used his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffered, but the daughter . The daughter is born, when it grows, he suffer as well.
At the age of five, when you should go to school, you stay home and school admitted your siblings.
Until the age of 12, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when I go into adolescence, when I was 13 years old, he was banned to come out of his house without a male actor.
It's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes called the honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he converts the code of that honor, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor is not only affecting the life of a girl, also affects the life of male male members.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's a more of the patriarchal societies that are called obedience.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very smooth.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent, and it accepts decisions of your father and your mother and your mother's decisions, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be useful.
If you get it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they call it anxiety.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet:``They marry it, they love it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he hides the same lesson of obedience to her daughter and the same honor of honor to his children.
And this vicious cycle continues and continues.
Dear brothers and sisters, when Mozart was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborn, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, believe me, I felt incredibly honored.
And much before I was born, I thought of his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary fight of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaysia from Macedon, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I looked, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admit it in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yeah, I have to mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for life's life.
Score in a school means the recognition of their identity and his name.
An admission to school means that it's entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was able to fulfill the flag of living vision, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the applications of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in no document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give me to my sisters or their daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and my daughter's kindness.
I encouraged him to sit with me when my friends came to see me.
The encourage to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malaysia.
I've spent all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education education.
I taught my daughters, teach students, to forget the lesson of inequality.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called supportive.
Dear brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and particularly for women's rights.
It's called the salvation.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use veil and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the bad girls and the killed singers.
They were suffering millions, but they were talking, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and raped when you speak for your rights.
It's really frightening.
When she was 10 years old, Mall stood up and lifted up on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he was offered herself for the documentaries of the New York Times, and I spoke on every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spreading like a car car.
And that was the reason the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and on October nine of 2012, they shot into the head.
It was a data day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
While my daughter was defending between life and death, I whispered him to my wife,``Should I blame my wife, your daughter? ''
And he said,``Please, don't blame you.
Department the fair cause.
You put your life into play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of the education, and your daughter inspired you and joined you.
Both of them were on the right way and God protect it . ''
These words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When she was in the hospital and she had severe headaches and severe headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread by the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm good with my risk and my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and we're happy.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like a 16-year-old girl.
He cried when she didn't end up his task.
He's fighting with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What about special in my mentoring that has made so audacious to Mallar so brave, expression and ominous? ''
I tell them, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
I didn't cut their wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you.
I was operating about 18 years ago, and from that day, science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I am engineering.
And I want to tell you that I have recently joined the Photoshop group of Google, where I've had a split to my charge -- the vision of visualizing Google X, but all the work I'm talking about today about science science, I did it before I join Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you get subjected to a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
If it's not going to be like that, you can be smart?
After neurosurgery, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much it will take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix chemicals, and try to get them, to continue with life.
It's more than ever saved me by a time.
But luckily, I have an environmental soul, so I decided to experience to try to get the optimal doses, because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in drama.
I started testing with different mix, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the doses changed dramatically my self-esteem, my sense of who I was, my behavior, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: For a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the most intelligent person around the world, and -- of course, many times in the past, I've met several guys like this, or maybe some of the versions.
It turned out like a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, such an insecure, fixing a problem that had the front, and just didn't happen like this.
So I couldn't manage it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through . From then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do . When I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, it was to reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key point of reference: How do you get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? You try new ideas and recreating situations.
These kind of thoughts is not new.
Philosophers like Hume, Descartes and Hobbes see things in a similar way.
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing.
Now, there are people who have this idea, and there are a lot of discussion about how the mind works, to me is simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I get to find the point right, and I have lots of great, really vivid, very sophisticated, good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what if a movie director was able to use his imagination just to address the world that has the front?
Or could a musician extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way people creative can get to share at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, imagine by functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain, and here you can see the brain scan done by China Jefferson and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain of the brain of a person who looks at an image.
The middle of the media shows the brain of the brain of that same individual as he imagined, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by taking the content of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost a zero-sum.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost a zero-sum.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is the lab of Jack Kelly in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert the brainwaves into acknowledged visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos as they were hacking their brains to create a great deal of reactions of the brain to the video sequences.
Then I showed you a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan, did it to show what it seemed like the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer papers, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This leaves us.
We're okay close to achieve it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember when you see an image and when you imagine that same image, you create the brain itself.
This was taken together with the developing brain scanning systems available today, and its resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How did we do that?
There are many techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer to that one.
Many of you are proposing new techniques of projection for images, even me . counting the recent result of the MRI, first we have to ask the following, this technology will be the end of the road?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but at this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, we do better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like making a picture.
And why does this matter?
Over the last few years, a lot of effort in the MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent breakthroughs in restriction of resourceful and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the states and responses of radio radio in the MRI systems.
At the same time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structure magnetic patterns attached to the frequencies of FM radio.
So, by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of radio radio processing, we can increase the information that you can extract in a single scan.
In addition, we can then divide into layers our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not just the flow of blood, but the hormones and the neurotransmitters that I mentioned and maybe even the direct neural activity . This is the dream.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly by thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is something big.
These are big questions.
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead the cure of Alzheimer's and diseases.
We have a few choices more than open this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that it will be much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll tell you this night about coming out of the closet, and not just a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have neighborhoods.
Your closet is probably telling someone for the first time you love or tell someone who's pregnant, or telling someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation that you've ever been through in life.
All closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and have come out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working on the South Side of California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the electronics of the clinical cliff: not to waste my armpits, quote the letters in Anne God France like a banana.
And I'm going to be sure that because of my little pants, and for having me shave my head, I would ask a little kid,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And that would be an awkward silence on the table.
I would improvise my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a drop of rage.
The father's going to take a little bit of the newspaper, and the mother would throw a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would guarantee inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time was prepared, and it was about to enter the female affairs on the table . I had the Betty Friedman quotes.
The Gloria Steinem dates.
Even a snippet of the vagina Monologues I would show you.
So I breathe fat and I looked down and my back a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question:``Are you a kid or girl? ''
So I breathe back again, and I got rid of clicks close to her, and I said,``Hey, I know this is something confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I see a kid's clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I am more about the kind of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me quite briefly, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is violent and it has a fish.
Can you give me a corner, please? ''
And that was everything . It's just,``Oh, yeah . You're a girl.
What about the surprise I asked? ''
It was the hardest conversation of all I ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both, we were honest one with the other.
So as many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and I know, often, my walls used to be a rainbow.
But within, in the dark, you can't know what color is.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my closet is not unlike yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you a hundred reasons why coming out of my closet was harder than coming out of your closet, but this is the thing: the difficult thing is not relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me that to explain someone who has declared them in a broken bank is harder than saying it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that matters is harder than telling your five year-old people to divorce you?
There's no more difficult thing, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop grading what is difficult about what hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet and we should just feel empathy because we all live something difficult.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may feel safe, or at least safer than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a dress and shoes of high heels.
It wasn't the militant lesbian prepared to fight any four-year-old child to get into the coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled into a corner of my dark closet, pushing my big gay, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever ever ever had.
My family, my friends, strangers who have spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going around.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big grain, you will kill.
One of my most memorable farming launch was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress and cathets . walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were, people who knew me years ago.
And after speaking a moment, one of the women I yelled,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started.
\" Are you ever in the Carter? ''
\" Well, yeah, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never been there, but we've heard it's fabulous . ''
\" Ah, do you know my artist Art?
It's very good and never talked about having novel . ''
\" Oh, what is your favorite TV show?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who we love? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in waiting to desperately show her support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, like they have all the grenade launchers.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they were being threatened.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were forcing.
And what else can you ask for someone, but to work?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I've come out of.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girls girl.
Now, please look at this through the gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same thing.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for battle.
If you want someone to be genuine, the others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just give it . Get your patches.
If you know you're gay, you say it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
Never apologize for that.
And some of you may be safe safe, available by what they've done, but never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some people will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you meet in a dark closet, starting a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And they may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the candle.
Now, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Peter Dick that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Peter David wrote this, he did it as a critical to the pioneers of computing like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying the intelligence.
Let's take a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they are from an alien race, which you don't know about the biology of the Earth or the neuroscience of Earth's Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a marketer, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that you have no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that will explain how, to a certain moment in time, the asteroids that are going to unlock the surface of a planet, just just stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that you understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that took a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through several disciplines, that they did, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be profoundly adjusted to the development of intelligence, and particularly for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic motion planning, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different topics and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years, is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one E, and my for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or to keep the open choices, with a force T, with diversity of possible future future, yes, to an imminent future of future.
In a nutshell, intelligence doesn't like to stay caught.
intelligence is trying to maximize freedom freedom of action and keeping open choices.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology has suggested that the universes that produce more clutter, or``entropy ,"during their life should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that synthetic connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually comes directly out of it?
To find out, we've developed a software engine called entropy, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is inside.
Surprisingly, entropy could pass multiple animal intelligence tests, play games of human intelligence, and even winning money trading actions, everything without that they would have been done that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
As a foot human without falling, here we see entropy balancing automatically a piece using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave you a goal.
He just decided to balance the post.
This balance ability to have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability for tools to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, like some other animals can cooperate from extremes of a rope at the same time to liberate food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
The entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game with himself, illustrating its potential for play.
So here we see protection to develop new connections in a social network where friends are constantly interconnected and successfully successfully connected.
This same capacity of network acquisition also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
So here we see entropy organizing the routes of a boat fleet, discovering successfully and using Panama Canal to expand globally its scope from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous, logistics and transportation.
So finally, here we see entropy spontaneously discovering and execute a computer strategy, and it's adventured in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing the assets under their management exponentially.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex September: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, to walk upright and social cooperation, all of them drop from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
We go back at the beginning of the term of the robot, the``Rover"-- there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines are lifted against us.
One of the biggest implications of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become intelligent, and then monitoring them and they're trying to take advantage of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all the future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal.
They often ask me,``How do you seek goals from this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to move the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize freedom freedom and avoid constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the conquest of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how Earth fits the Earth in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Mission of NASA has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points to Earth is only one among the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures regular consideration of the stars when planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the size of planets as well as the distance between them and their mother's star.
It helps us understand whether these planets are small and white as the terrestrial planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light that they get from their suns.
At the same time, this gives you clues on whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this problem of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is measuring under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest registered.
glaciers and ice ice that have been with us from millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused at the global scale has rapidly overcome our ability to disrupt their courses.
But I'm not a climate scientist, no astronomer.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that you look for foreign opportunities in the mobile sector.
Now, as someone who's very interested in the quest of life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth, more enjoying our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the planet's planet and the planets that we know best: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and white, and despite being a little further from the Sun, you can consider a potentially livable world, shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past and, in part, that's why we study so much Mars.
Our Rovers like the Curiosity are tracking their surface in search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the Mars mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
The private companies now make not just short space flights, but also the probability of living on Mars.
But even though all these Martian images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the innovative and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still going to evolve, really hardware sites compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and highest places on Earth, the air is fresh and it's a result of oxygen released by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for Mars colonization and other drag planets with a huge and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will wait to save us from this sustainability of the only planet that we know is really habitable, the Earth.
For much that I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm profoundly disagreement with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but say Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine the captain of the Titanic to tell us that the party of truth will have place later on the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for planetary exploration and the Earth's preservation is not being counted.
No, they are actually faces of the same coin: the goal of understanding, preserving and enhance life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are going to be a foreign landscape.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and keep habitable spaces, in hostile and expectations, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: the Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist physicist Fermi asked: considering our universe has been for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of the existence of alien life.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important the origin of planets are protected by this development.
It's arrogant to think that just the interplanetary colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to take the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own home.
And while I was on the front porch, looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought about calling a surgeon, at least had my cell phone, but at midnight, a surgeon could take a long time to get, and it made cold.
I couldn't go back to my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning, and I was talking about my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but sure I don't get more expensive than a circuit at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, he was right.
I'm a neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortisol that increases heart rate, and it takes the levels of adrenaline and connection.
And when I got to the translator student in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think of those eight hours without sleeping.
And I started to ask myself, if there was something that could do, systems that I could put in place, that they prevent bad things to happen.
Or at least, if things happen, they minimize the probability of a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but up to a month after my thoughts didn't dig.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kancomma, the Nobel Prize winner, and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared me that he had been practicing something called prospective retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years earlier, known as the fear.
You all know what the piece is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the spirit, as Danny explains, you look forward and trying to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, trying to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize harm.
So what I want to talk about with you is some of the things we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are evident, some of them are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to allocate a place for things that are lost easily.
This sounds like common sense and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a tracking of the location of important things, where it's the good, where the fish are, that music trees, where the tribes live and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that goes through the edges of London.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the mandatory sense of squirrels, and they still could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of the car, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, they choose a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For their passport, a particular crate.
For their reading glasses, a particular table.
If they allocate a place and they're collapsed with it, their things will always be there when they look for them.
What about travel?
Take a picture of your credit card, license to drive, passport, send them for email to yourself to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or they steal them, it can facilitate the substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic, and it intense the thought.
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress we won't be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful situation than when you deal with a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved ones, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is created as a proxy for all of medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making decision and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take for a rational assessment of facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little high . ''
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attack to heart, brain spill.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a state . ''
And you may have heard about the statues, and you know that it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today, it's even likely you know people who take them.
So you're thinking,``Yeah, you're straight . ''
But there's a question that should be done then, a statistics that is supposed to ask that most physicians don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the U.K., the number required to treat.
And what is this, the Earth?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And should you think of what kind of statistic statistics that's discovered is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't give me something if I wasn't going to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a doctor's fault, and if it's somebody's fault, it's the scientists like me.
We haven't really understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of Mahlarly that 90 percent of drugs works only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number one needed to treat the most widely prescribed season, which is what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This According to the research of cynical researchers, Jerry McDonald and Pamela Barrier, confirmed independently by Marcus.
I am exploring the numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, stroke or another adverse event.
Now you might think,``Well, one probability in 300 of down my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a statistics more, and it is,``Talk of the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced in five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating pain and articulate pain, experimental pain, but now you think,``Five percent isn't really likely to happen to me, still taking medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember you don't think of clarity.
So think about how you'd like this over time, so you don't have to make the root chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, not? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have secondary effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go through the drug that you're going to help you.
I don't say they should or not take the stage.
I just say you have to have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the crash value, but actually this number need to treat is pretty typical.
For surgery, it's done in the older men of 50, inspiration of cancer prostate, the number one need to treat is 49.
This is , 49 surgeries per person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the helplessness or electronic dysfunction, urinary incontinence, national member, fecal incentivity.
And if you're lucky and you're one of that 50 percent the effects will just last one year or two.
So the idea of the premise is to think before time, the questions that you can pose to push the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice for a lot of times, do you want a shorter life free, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
They can change in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that a lot of systems are switched.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the liquid or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast, they could become the lunch of lions, so none of it matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logic thinking, like Danny Kanghton and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail every time.
The idea is to think of the future how those failures might be, to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize harm, or to prevent bad things to happen in the first place.
Indirect at night of snow in Montreal, when I returned from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key door of the entry in the same, a easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered, and lots of message messages I have not read.
So I'm not really organized, but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano,``P"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to touch more softly.
Two ,' even more soft.
Four' -- extremely smooth.
This is my drawing from a tree of ``'"and it looks like it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of Y, and there may be, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs, the Assach, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came in over the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and the language is developed that we know today like Asceptica.
So it has a story about 200 years old.
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
The sounds are a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person living in a world of sounds, it's like me living in a foreign country, following their rules, people, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do you understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" No savings the door! ''
\" Don't do a lot of noise to eat the potato bag bag! ''
\" No waste, and when you're eating, you're sure not to throw the squares on the dish . ''
All of this is called Sound tagging.
Maybe I think about sound label more than the average person does.
I'm a young fan of sounds.
And I'm always hoping with nervousness the sound, which is coming next.
Oh, this drawing.
TED, for deciding.
PC, to continue.
Witness, to announce.
You can see that the phantom has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and blobs.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign sign for``experience . ''
A typical sperm has five lines.
However, to me, to make the self with my thumb that's not natural.
That's why I've only got four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that you're not just experiencing through your ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound, I decided to leave it and explain it.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I introduced him to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was an alien, it was something about a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that well I could get to me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I would empower.
There's a massive culture around speech language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from myself and become my voice.
So I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, in work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations of Ascepton.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be listening.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by borrowing their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't continue this practice, I feel that I could fade into oblivion and not have any social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Colombia.
For example, a musical note cannot capture and express fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in Color.
The two are very space and highly modeled, which means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning so much of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a metaphor of the piano, so you understand better how the CIA works.
So imagine a piano.
The Koran is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger while the piano is playing, like facial expression, the motion of body, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as you play the piano, English is a linear language, as if you would only get a key at once.
But the ECX is more like a chord, you need the 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea in Color.
If only one would change the chord, create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with the music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In English, by using these different gravitational parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign``religion in that . ''
This is the sign sign in that.
I'm seeing you.
By looking at it.
Oh, I got married.
Oh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, right?
So I started thinking, and if I look at Colomi through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it again and again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and it puts.
This is``all day . ''
If I repeat it and reduce the speed, it's visually seen as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel like the same thing can be said from``All night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights:``Night ,"`` during the night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AOL and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one man . It's a hand, two of them . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is``a long time ago . ''
Then,``past"--``Super"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at once,``Once . ''
\" The common time"is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times per capita.
But when I see the word``common time"I think automatically in``at the same time . ''
You see my mind: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the camera through the head and the chest.
( Face: Montana, hello .) (Face: Come . ''
Can you do it with me?
All of the hands in high.
Now we're going to do it both in the head as the chest, something like the common time, or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very well.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate all the cultures and languages of signs around the world.
The second one that I'd like to show you is this . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in the EPA.
Now, the third . Please tell me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in the EPA.
We're going to do the three together.
\" In love ,"`` colonization"and``lighting . ''
Good job.
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they convey very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the CIA is alive and thriving, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very intriguing world.
And just because the Koran has no sounds, it's automatically no social value.
We have to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the Koran to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn English, and you don't have to hear to learn music.
The ECX is a treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can even love us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kalaith: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents said to me,``You can advertise everything, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble, I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I found out that adults are also fascinated and they're not very good for cleaning other ones.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and teaching citizen and invention at Hong Kong in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk around the beach with lots of junk.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I don't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it takes an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years old, we dream about inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this kind of work with high detail so that the kids very cheaply can participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are feeling great and safe.
Exactly not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we found it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope it works.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we'll just gather information.
Through the use of a robot, we took a picture of this plastic -- the kids are thrilled with the robots.
Then we created quickly what we call``a prototype . ''
We are so quick in the creation of prototypes that we ended before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and web cameras, and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic chunks floating through the sensor, while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on an inventor website called``Universities ,"with hope that someone's going to improve it even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, they look at the Internet, and they came up with this image.
A child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Haiti, the largest investment of the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water in which you bathe, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that water is brown, the mud and oil also are brown, and when it's all mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called symmetry, which allows you to look at what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can light through all sorts of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help to identify what's in the water.
Let's take this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
What's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help each other children.
[ I can investigate a problem at the distance] I was forced to make a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe I'll tackle a harder problem, and also more close to me.
I'm half Japanese and a half French and you may remember, in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they unleashed several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities in the East coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant in Fukushima, a nuclear core near the water.
And today, according to the reports of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has traditions of pollution for Huxons.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it looks like most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, of course, is safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've turned to Fukushima every year from the accident and research independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring children.
We didn't take them, the parents didn't allow it.
But every night we informed the control center -- here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with the review of their life.
Together with them, we discussed the data collected that day and talk about what we were going to do after, the strategies, the point, and so on.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary topographic map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the lift map, we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of the radioactivity, and we cut water to simulate the rain.
With this we could notice that the radioactive dust was leaking from the top of the mountain to the forest and unknown system in the ocean.
It was an approximate estimate.
But based on this, we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear power to the date.
We approached to 1.5 miles of nuclear power, and with the help of fishermen in the area, we were picking up sediments from the marine milk with a sediment of sediment as we invented and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became so much small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little biology, of optics, basically, you can build almost everything there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can actually become true with adult help, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! And acceleration!
Peter Hart: We ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children from the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators, teachers, we need to prepare the next generation to care about the environment and people, and so that I can really do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a silk thread.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic.
One is imposes on the environment, the other creates it.
One is designed by nature, another for her.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the prototype, he saw a figure that struggles for being free.
The prison was only one tool of Michelangelo.
But living beings are not continuing.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the design world has been dominated by the errors of manufacturing and production in mass.
The assembly lines have designed a world made of parts, setting up the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as discoveries of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find some sacred material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin.
The skin skies are more thick with little pores.
You act mainly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there are no parts, there are no claims.
It's a system that happens gradually its functionality through variation variation.
Here's a dividing screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the summit and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My work, in its simplest level, is about bringing these two visions in the world, moving away from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably ask yourself, why now?
Why wasn't it possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where four disciplines are influenced that offers a designers access to tools that we've never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scale, big scale, like this robotic arm with a 24 meters of diameter with a particular basis that one day not very far to print entire buildings, and graphs to nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark.
So here we've reinvented the jealous, an archetype of the old Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where each openness is very unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion depression of Paris with Iran van Honologists . It's like a second skin made from one piece, right in the contests, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing 3D printing, we print this layer and failed 3D without collaborators between the cells, and I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid materials and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of an intimate scanner.
That designers have access to this high resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allow to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed a acoustic chair, a chair at once structural, comfortable and also absorb sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, came back to nature to inspire us, and designing this pattern of surface surface, becomes sensitive.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, opposition and color, corresponds to the points of pressure in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, is going to vary its functionality, not by the action of another material or another assembly, but by moving continually and definitely the material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't believe in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what matters me.
As she says,``In the third day of the Creation, God sent to Earth to grow a fruit of fruit fruit . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land did grow trees with branches, crust, plants and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself,``What would design be if the objects became a single piece?
Are we going to go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant sketch on the planet is called a copy, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We think that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multinational structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it the legal shellfish . We asked a lot of shrimp masks, we used them, and we produced it.
By moving chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a broad range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple operating nozzles of bone control.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one material , 1,500 feet long , 100 percent recycled.
When pieces are ready, they leave them dry to find a natural form to contact with the air.
So why do we keep designing plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain synthetic microorganisms that came up for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we use the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that do their transition without a mesh on the mesh, and if you zoom even further, to windows.
A fruit tree of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of cards of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, in the sea, feed marine life, and put them on the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep the life for planetary journeys.
To do that, we need to master bacteria and control their flow.
So, like the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created completely, made in an additive form, in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology like the liquid alchemy, just instead of killing precious metal functionality, new biological functionality in very small channels.
This field is called MaliPO.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothing, two microorganisms combined.
The first is the vocabulary.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater tanks.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria in the human intestine.
One turn the light into sugar, the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothing.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, which will help you flow these bacteria and to alter your function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, traveling the properties of the material on the way that they want.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we were talking more transparent channels.
This particular digestive system, when it was stretched from one end to another , 200 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a presence at TED, our first portable synthetic channel, brilliant liquid channels inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shake said,``We are passive creatures, only half is done . ''
What if design will provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase life?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, would repair damaged tissue and get our bodies?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows . It's where it grows.
This urge of worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's depressing.
The additive manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
A act like structure, the other one is glue or matrix, putting those fibers to each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first gets lost in the environment, creates a structure of tension, and then it starts to align a cocoon of compression.
The tension and the compression, the two forces of life, they manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we paid a little magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the ice.
We put it into a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the worm worm.
However, by putting the silk worm in a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it would inflate a flat cocoon and still contaminate.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition, the cocoon structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often reverse silk worms to death within their cocoon, their silk breaks apart and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates, we could shape the silk silk without tracking a single cocoon.
It's going to be constantly metabolized, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process to architectural scale.
We had a robot robot making silk silk silk pills, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worm worms towards darker and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or opening, to block the rays of light and heat, distributed silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the caterpillars.
We asked 65,000 worms of silk to an online silk farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to honor with us.
We placed them carefully in the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they were raped, they were pulling up, they were turning eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
When you look at biological silk on the frozen silk silk, they give all this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 65,000 worms of silk, they put 65,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The policemen, after the explosion, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions in the world.
A row silk through a robotic arm, the other empty fill.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new era of creation, that brings us from an inspired design in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands for us, for the first time, that we become burden of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember what age you had when you asked them for the first time?
You can replace it with your fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be more? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question``What do you want to be? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English, the mater and the art and developed websites . In addition, he played the guitar in a computer gang called Texas Franklin.
Maybe you heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, is no longer a challenge, is coming to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I immersed on it, and I'm going to absorb and I feel``Yes! I've found myself ,"and then again, this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to focus on that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn this whole thing into a career.
I thought I needed to choose one thing, and I would deny all of my other passions, and to refuse me to bored.
Another reason that I caused so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I was worried that there would be something wrong in this, and something bad in me for not feeling anything.
I was worried about being afraid of commitment, or being dispersed, or to be set up or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to ask you to do.
Ask yourself, where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned: they learned it from culture.
We're wondering first``What do you want to be more? ''
When we're five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares what you answer at that age.
It's considered an naive question to provoke cute responses in children like,``Being an astronaut"or``being a dancer ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
Get the talk of London here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, P, to high school students ask them to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of first of what the dream takes.
Why?
Now, if this question inspire kids to dream about what they might be, I don't know dreaming everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though adults well-intentioned, you might laugh and say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be an artisan of violin and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's an art of rape and therapist.
And this Amy Kay, a journal editor turned into graduate, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life focused is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or the real vocation, the idea that every one of us has something to devote for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're someone who's not connected like this?
What if there's a lot of different topics that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel just.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong in you.
You're a complexity.
A crowd is someone with lots of interests and creative activities.
It's a lawyer by saying.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that put the same idea, as a scholar, lies.
During the Renaissance time, the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Steve refers to us as``scanners . ''
Use any term you like or invent yourself.
It seems to me as a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the power as a limitation or an application that you have to beat.
But what I've learned by talking about people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when it's being like this.
There are three human superpowers.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in the intersection.
So, Hey Handly and Rachel Bank expressed their shared interests in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, at Stanford.
Channel is a company that creates signals inspired geographically.
And Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
That's where new ideas come up.
And the protesters, with all their backgrounds, can access a lot of these point of intersection.
The second powerful superpower is fast learning.
When the protesters are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're having to be beginners, because it's been a lot of times in the past, and this means we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we're chasing, so we rarely started zero.
There's a journey at a complete time and independent writing.
As a young pianist child, a incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest thing known.
Before becoming a writer, it was a financial planner.
He had to learn the most thin selling mechanics when he started his practices, and this ability helps to write compelling treatments for editors.
It's rarely a loss of time to devote what you're drawn to, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third powerful superpower is adaptability . That's the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
It was Camp's sometimes director of videos, other, website designer, sometimes working on Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it's a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles, depending on the needs of their customers.
The expensive magazine Company defined adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and increasingly that are the individuals and organizations that can enable to satisfy the needs of the market, the ones that really thrive.
synthesis of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three abilities where the protesters are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're injured to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the protesters to be themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need creative thinkers not conventional to deal with them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong in you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made out of a specialist and a pollinating pollution.
The specialist can dive deep and put the idea of ideas, and the competition offers an breadth of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are investing with the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the protesters in large part are encouraged to simply be more like their specialized companions.
And once said this, if there's one thing you get from this talk, I hope it's this: recognized with the inner wiring, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then it's special for all media.
That's where you will give the best of it.
But for the protesters in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I'm telling you,``You recognize it with your many passions . ''
They follow their curiosity for those rabbits.
They explore intersections.
Open our internal wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, potential, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 2001, a woman named a Canadian took a psychiatric at Target.
I would argue and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
You didn't know how to help juice, but I was flying through it until, unfortunately, it passed in 1906.
After his death, Sarah did a autopsy, and they found strange and clean plates in the brain of toys, of a guy who had never seen before.
It's even more surprising.
If you would have been alive today, you couldn't give it more help than Sarah gave 14 years ago.
Jesus was Dr. Louis Alzheimer.
And the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
They've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect them from infections, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, elephants for the cardiology and a lot more.
But soon it's been progress in Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million people, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until 85 or more, the possibility of contracting Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
Just in the United States, the care of Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion every year.
One of five dollars of medical resistance is spent on Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and their cost prevents a five-meter increase in 2050, as I get older from the generation of the boom.
It may surprise them, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively short to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that cannot prevent, cure or even slow their development.
We understand less about Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's disease despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what people know, but everybody should be: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 1.4 years, everyone, even scientists, confused Alzheimer's aging.
We think it will be sustainable in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to the patient of Alzheimer's patients to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to having a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused significantly the hope of life and is always lethal.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's figure found plates and strangers in the toy brain a century ago.
For nearly a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they are made of protein molecules.
You can think a molecule molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami.
There are places in the role that are sticky.
And when it comes right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form large plates and opinions.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identification of what's going on is complex, like to download a bomb.
cutting a cable could do nothing.
Respect others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocks it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have been reduced by the wires and wait for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemists, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, and now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our last results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see some videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick each other inside them, like humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 145 years of waiting, there's real hope for what can be done in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We have to realize that Alzheimer's is a disease, and that if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have inspired more research and exercise pressure about governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to advance HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too desperate to go out and advocate for change.
So, really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like toys, who can't create the change they need for themselves.
They help talking for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York City column in the New York Times, in January of this year.
To love someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: two strangers are working to ask 36 more and more personal questions, and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions for example.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cry for another person?
And just?
As they move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: -- this really likes me -- Tell your partner what you'd like to him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I came up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the tsunami that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the spinal Love column a few months later.
That was actually published in January, and now it's already August, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself: Do you still have to ask yourself.
And the reason I think you care about this is because you've been asking me this question over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is exactly what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the topic.
A week before the article was published was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book over the last few years, so I had forced me to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog blog can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends, and I imagine that my article in the New York Times would reach probably a few thousand views.
And that's a good charge of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he did, I had no idea.
The paper was published by a Friday at night, and already Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And Sunday, I had called the Trense Show and the Golden World America.
In one month, the article received more than eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster confidence by writing with sincerity on the very specific experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people were calling or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question, they still do the same question.
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase:``They still follow together? ''
And several messages came immediately.
They were students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and asked him.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Monterey where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking questions about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the surprise of the answer.
36 questions seemed to have come alive.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine Hand, including the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different success success.
So my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very preserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we would make a public score together.
It was recording TV interviews, and you recommended the pictures of the pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the Indian icons of the comfort process, a range for which I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if they really worked: or whether it was able to produce lasting love, not just a adventure, but real love, love love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people would ask the wrong question.
How do we know if we'll continue together or not, and also tell it?
If the answer was no, would the experience of doing these 36 different questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for growing interpersonal approach among university students, using what they were called Anderson, sustained and reciprocal personal.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing it . Several studies were also used by the technology Mountain Roman protocol, as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of political ideologies.
The original version of history, which tried last summer, that combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little liberal arts university, and then a student came over to me and said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I: Do you mean that you love the person who did it?
Well he did a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I: But did you become better friends?
Did you feel that you could know better after proving the study?
The attention.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you is looking for when it comes to love.
I came up with the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was walking through a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I had 20, which was basically all my adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or he could live without him.
So I hit myself in science.
I was researching everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could sort of be able to cross the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see myself more clearly, and I can realize that what I find is sometimes more than you can reasonably tell me.
What I look for love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but I'm going to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media told us about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to mitigate something of the implicit risk, and this is a very strong story, because love makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I ask: Still follow together?
And their content with an answer of whether or not.
So more than a question, I promise that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who you deserve your love and who isn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably delivers a relationship, or even more, how do you live with your partner's doubt?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the short version of the story of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a well-known, and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But in love is not the same thing to stay in love.
In love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote: Love didn't happen.
We remain love because we took the choice to be.
And I get a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered anything that's supposed that choice.
I won't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times I have to keep making that choice without knowing whether he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done, and answering 36 questions, having chosen to love someone as generous, friendly and fun and expressed that choice in the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the very difficult ending in the title of my article, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's frightening, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by some lesbian in a mountain, and in a way, I got like a forest of the forest.
New York City a time ago, something that really affected me, but more details.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
He took a wooden box, and he buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humanoid or an aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a time, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from undercover and make surfing and all these weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I pulled all the pages and I made a kind of classroom that was translated to the style Agnes Martin, the law covered them, and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees, and it's allergic to them, so I spent more resin on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like the size of size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying cloth.
So I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was going to find out the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow out, draw the way it's done around a tent in the crime scene.
And I took objects, and I created my own income of inventing specimens.
First, Bonobojan -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and things, and I was winning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to simplicity.
It was great, man.
At some point I became interested in human form, natural size sculptures with human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dying.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together they formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work with something really big, I call``trafficking . ''
For the``helicopter"I was inspired by``The Dad of Species"by Hieronymus Bosch, which is a painting at the Museum of the chip in Spain.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of time.
Well, the``helicopter"will explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five meters long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the lobsters.
There's a cave where all these creatures of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analogy of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are directed to the drill, ready to suicide mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a battery god attached to a cliff.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the proliferation of the Rose Balaid -- the Babbage Bin Laden shelter, there are all sorts of weird things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
And anyway, a kind of creature.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spits oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like ships, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's a aspect of``trafficking . ''
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit on.
And then when you go to the other side, you have a trap, like a bird summit, and you spit clouds from this trap.
It also has a chaotic chaos five meters long a snake tail that binds the``graphic . ''
Anyway, his tail is a fire, and he's going to be on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a circular balloon balloon made from terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball card cards.
Pretty ahead of time . This leads me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called``Psychologists . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and material, whether they're an encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazine.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in ways of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at once.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head; it's the chest, you can see the entrance.
I'll take you through the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and he's covering the penis or the spoken, or whatever it is, a kind of inorganic thing.
It's a quick secret of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body game in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills that come out and enter the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene within the ribcage.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called President Brazilians.
In this box there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio broadcaster, a museum, a school, a publishing arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world, and a garden.
We're eating the box and all the people inside the house with other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who's and the box you're living on.
And together we come to realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of the countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same material and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you hurt your head?
They take an aspirin.
But so that this pill has effect against pain, first through the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system, and it's going to remind you that any drug effect in the body.
The downside, though, is that when you plot it any drug it's diluted.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the computer of cells.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they're trying to get to the bloodstream, they dilute, and worse, and worse for the time they're trying to get to their destination, which is where it's more important: in the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where viruses are connected and not easily in the bloodstream of the patients that are subjected to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after treatment disruption, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that are a treatment for life administration.
One day, I sat down and I thought,``Could we make the treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: the lasers, of course.
If you use them in dentistry, for the care of wounds and the surgery of diabetes, they can use for anything to imagine, including the transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you ask,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a little and powerful beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before even realizing, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're currently testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a set of three heads.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision on the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the infection site.
Finally, the third head, an insect that distributes drugs, releases it directly on the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem much about time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researcher -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militia.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to the non-violent confrontation.
I do fieldwork, in the world of politics and the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in progress, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No longer.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-state actors.
For example, the 222 peace agreements signed between 1975 and 2011 , 1960 were signed between a state and an non-governmental actor.
So we have to understand these groups, we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of resolution of successful conflict.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody's looking at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and politicians are not related to it.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups of today are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebanese Health, known by its violent face against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980s, Hey has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestinians, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also manages the Gaza Strip since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex machinery of communication: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have Electrons magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fund, but through profitable businesses -- for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, hospitals, they put into a professional formation program or companies.
Now, let's make all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state did not provide: security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in a Afghanistan ripped by war or even the principle of ISIS, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a void, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the electoral victory of 2006 of Palestinians can't understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed groups and politicians, participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and sophisticated organizations are these organizations, less we can catalog them as something counterintuitive to a state.
How do you call a group like Hono?
They removed part of a territory, they manage all of their functions, collect the garbage, manage the sewer sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines are drawn.
We live in a world of states, of nations without state and hybrid, and the weaker the states are, like in the Middle East, the more they intervene and they fill that gap, non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is really important to establish and comfort peace.
If we understand better groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but will not give us peace and stability.
To achieve these goals, we need long-term investments to fill that pig of security, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are pervasive, but I fear to accept the tag tag of``feminist"would be unfair for the feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I'm underwater as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist"and then in interviews, people started calling me the Bad feminist.
So, what started as a personal joke left to myself and a deliberate cause, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about the feminist, these healthy women, angry with men and hated sex, like that was bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and the anger, in particular, looks like a perfectly reasonable answer.
But at that time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I guess it could be feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and unpleasant word.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, which begs too much, with high self-worth and dare to believe it's equal or higher to a man.
Nobody wants to be the rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are representative: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same for the same job.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free or violence.
We have right to use it in a easy way and accessible the contraceptives and the reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative control or individual doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have in mind account our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have in mind these differences and how they affect us, the same way that what we have in common.
Without this kind of conclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a mess.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear music beating all of the volume.
Although the letter was degraded to women and profoundly defend me, the classic``Salt Handlove"classic of the Big Bang pages is incredible.
\" Do it reality with your wet t-shirt.
Pearl, blah, move up until you bend the shell! ''
Think about it.
Poetry poetry, right?
I'm completely crucified by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of the man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also killing insects, the collection of garbage, the care of the lawns and the maintenance maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Bactice"and the romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy fairy stories.
Some of my teeth are more discarded.
If a woman wants to adopt the appeal of your husband, it's your choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solved this problem.
Reconstruction the conventional feminism that has ignored or destroyed historically the needs of women's women, the workers, homosexual and transgendered, in favor of white, healthy, middle-class women.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens the following: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put depressions in a pedestal.
We hope that they respond to perfection.
When we're disappointed, we would reject them with a lot of taste from the same fight where we put them.
As I said, I'm a mess, I think about that pedestal before you try to get me there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and the leaders of the sector, are afraid to be tagged as a feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yeah, I'm a feminist ,"by fear of what that sticker means, and fear not to be able to be able to be able to be able to do realistic expectations.
Take for example to Kenya, or like I call it, the Goddess.
Over the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Launcus Republic Paul 2014, in MTV, I act in front of the word``feminist"from three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, seeing this star of the pop embrace openly the feminism and to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
The time, the cultural critics started to be endless arguments whether Kenya was or not precisely feminist.
They rating their feminism, instead of simply believing the word of a adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminist, because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much.
We go much beyond the race and constructive critic, to draw the feminism of any woman, stop it until it doesn't get anything.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to realize, to move to action and be a little bit more courageous.
If I listen to music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we manage change effectively affecting their profits.
It's certainly hard.
Why does your music have to be so picky?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are expanding this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and it's our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
It's two magnificent girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave.
Where you appreciate them by the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is used as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women as a sports, and the game of Thrones.
We can change radio radio when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movies in another part when movies don't treat women more than as a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a boxing bag.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to post in their magazine, participate in their project, or work with you, until they don't include a number of women, so much to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are supportive, but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision.
Now, because we're not looking at worse . Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of bravery and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in the power of the directors and film producers, CEOs, CEOs, people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also confirm our feminism, good, bad, or anything.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``I'd rather be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of many reasons, but I say it, especially, because my voice was stolen, and the feminism helped me to collect it.
There was an incident.
I call it an incident to address what happened.
A few kids were given me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as if it was nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I don't dare to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
I got involved in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also discovered that if I was a little brave, another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In a hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way to think, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope we can all be a little courageous, when you need such a courage.
Just after Christmas last year , 32 children in California had measles for having visited Greenland or to be exposed to somebody who had been there.
The virus then through the border with Canada, affecting more than 100 children in Port.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is a effective vaccine against this for more than half century, but many of the kids involved in the Kennet outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't it the article that unleashed the controversial about autism and analysis and depressing and marked by being a fraud deliberate by the British Medical Journal?
Doesn't believe most intelligent scientists than the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the increase of autism increase in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician that I had heard about, they believed to develop their entire professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates followed stable as only three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
fundraising organizations of funds like autism San refer to autism as an epidemic, as if I could tell another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people to the Centers of Disease Control Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``expanding diagnostic criteria"and``a better detection of cases"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language didn't spend a lot of the fears of a young mother who's looking for the face of his two-year-old, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with the slow and causal progress of science than the consumer power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinic literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story begins with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kandel, from hospital Johns Hopkins Hospital, and Kenya published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, building people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands in front of their faces, but they were prey of the panic by the time when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of the patients, Kanti speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority in the world in the subject, I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome while harvesting the places of places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the criteria's criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, let's also give you that diagnosis to kids with seizures, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he realized he had turned nine out of 10 children sent by other doctors to his consultant to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kansas was a smart man, but part of his theories were not a third.
He classify autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and decade parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully maintained in a refrigerator that doesn't make it depressed.
At the same time, though, Kansas noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that were clustering in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I was two.
When her mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Danny had a bad opinion of these skills, stating things like children were simply suggesting what they had heard of their own parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of Ranger that autism was rare.
Now, Indian Bono, cognitive psychology in London, thought that the theory of Rwandan mothers from Rwanda was pretty stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sun.
And John and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like her without a support service, no special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families, India and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years earlier.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They painted a suburb from London called Mobica to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What you saw left clear that Danny's model was too limited, because autism reality was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, whereas others were stuck in their fascination by astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genealogy of the insect.
In another way, these children didn't fit in beautiful and strangers, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the monkey model of Danny would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one of these children have been perceived before?
But then Detroit found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the op-ed article, and then forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Danny knew about this article of competition, but he avoided supportive to mention it in his own work.
There wasn't even a translation to the English, but luckily, the Mormon husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Sponnia, who led an integrated clinic with a school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for teaching children with learning differences were even progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kind of music exercises, and the children followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming parents to cause autism, Asperger described as a lifelong political disability for life that required compassionate ways of support and adapted spaces during the course of all life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger calls them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help development methods that were especially suitable for them.
So fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that would encompass an amazing variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in the known culture like the social social scientist, and the professional social scientist.
He was beyond even to say, for success in science and art, a autism of autism is essential.
And India and Judith found that Kobe was wrong that autism was a lot of a lot, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes went into the journey, replacing the limited model of Danny by one wide and even Asperger.
These changes didn't fall into broken boat.
Now, usually, when Anderion and Judith worked between depressions to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out of``Rain Man"in 1988, just a little circle, I'd been announcing for experts knew what the autism was, but after the invisible performance of Justine Hoffman like Grameen Baby and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards of the Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world know what the autism was
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials were introduced to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes in criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnosis started to rise, just like they predicted North and Judith, they were actually expected to be, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that are deserved.
So Andrew Pakistan came to blaming vaccines for the increase in the diagnostics, a simple, powerful, credible history, credible history as the theory of Owens that autism was often.
If the current estimate of the preventing center of preventing one in every 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
Over the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles to solve the new medical advances, the``neuroscience"to celebrate the strains of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, statistically social, and suffer from an attention deficit to the details.
Definitely, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching to Asperger, which creates that the cure for the most disabling aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A autistic woman named Kazu Packass once said,``We need all the hands in covered to sell the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
