You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , the most read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can wear as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and never no one has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know , an epiphany is generally something that fell down somewhere .
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk to you about .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare of class .
When they were just beating every week in the bathroom ' bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when I could get to the bathroom .
I did it in secret .
For three years .
And I had to go from the city .
He had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and he ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting AIDS .
About three or four years ago , I got a phone call from that master 's phone call , the lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to know us .
You could <unk> Ohio , and please bring that man who I know you 've found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get you with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we were laughing , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take it and take care of his family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And so the woman I wanted to know me as an adult came to know me , became a box of ashes , and it was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I talked to you about became present in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy today that I 've been talking about this .
It also needs -- needs dignity , love and pleasure . And it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and there I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
The <unk> around me <unk> the water almost 60 meters , and I could n't even think that it was a snowflake about another snowflake year after year .
<unk> are born when they fall off the glaciers or break the walls of ice .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of you refuse to give up and hold hold to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it up and get them into a real passion of passion .
It 's easy to think about , looking at a iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , as we see ourselves sometimes as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a iceberg melts fresh water into minerals that feeds a lot of forms of life .
I get close to photograph these <unk> as if it would be the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there are just that way , and wo n't be going back in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but one continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice that I 'm photographing is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years old .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last pictures I 'd like to show you are from a iceberg I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually be able to see a certified iceberg .
Here it is .
You can see on the left , a little boat .
It 's about five meters tall .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts rolling , the boat has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is a Greenland iceberg , the average size .
<unk> water about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is real time .
And so <unk> , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , each one <unk> a baby . Okay .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop to think about conception , you 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the chromosome , the chromosome is linked to the X X chromosome .
And in the other case , the X chromosome of sperm joins the X chromosome from egg .
Both of them , and it starts life .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my land , I will fulfill two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm an historian by training and what I study in this case is the way people started the anatomy -- which is to say , human bodies and <unk> , how have we considered your body fluids , the idea of the body , what have thought about the body .
The other role that performance in my work is an activist , like <unk> patients or , as I say sometimes , <unk> <unk> of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people inside a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've been working with many cases of people with atypical sex , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into young male and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
The <unk> embraces many shapes .
I 'm going to give you a couple of examples of the ways of having a sex that does n't get into the ordinary or female forms .
For example , it 's the case of the individual based on <unk> XY , whose gene invaded from the chromosome and tells the <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , that become testes .
And then , in the fetal life , the testicles make testosterone .
But since this individual lacks testosterone , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's testosterone levels of testosterone but no reaction .
As a result , the body develops up following a young economy .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a little girl .
It 's a girl . She 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing and developing breast , but does n't have the menstrual cycle , when somebody realizes that something is happening .
Then they realized that instead of having ovaries and uterus , they have testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think that it 's a man , but it 's actually not .
Women , like men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know his <unk> structure ; I think to be a typical woman , the majority of women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> and we respond to <unk> .
As a result , someone like me has the most exposed brain to <unk> that the woman who was born with testicles who have the <unk> syndrome .
So sex is complicated . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some way , you can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19-year-old who was born and raised as a male ; I had girlfriend , and I had a sex , and she had a life like boy and I had just found that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme form of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
He had 20th 20th glands , and the uterus glands were so active that , essentially they created a hormone hormone environment .
As a result , the genitals were <unk> , their brain was exposed to the hormone 's hormone .
He was born as a child , and nobody suspected nothing .
And it was at 19 years when he started having medical problems caused by internal menstruation , when doctors discovered that , in fact , it was a woman in the inside .
Well , another example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with 20th 20th systems develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , have tissue , wrapped up in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that 's happening .
So , there are lots of varieties of sex .
The reason that kids with these kinds of bodies have to be dispersed , <unk> twins , or <unk> are <unk> surgery , is not to be able to have a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason that they 're being tested to various surgeries is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings into a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is having female identity ; supposedly , being black , wants to say having African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you present a body that shows something quite different , we have trouble with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic individualism .
Imagine the amazing thing that is having children who are born as two people inside a body .
The most recent case is last year with the South African <unk> South African South African <unk> , and he put their sex on the Berlin Games .
A lot of journalists called to wonder , `` What test are you going to do to determine whether <unk> <unk> is man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to you journalists that there is no test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a <unk> line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women -- we are who draw that line .
So , what we have is a situation where the more we get the science further , we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were <unk> live categories that were headed directly with <unk> categories -- are much more than we thought about .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that 's much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we go into a rough terrain .
Let 's look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with the chimps .
What about the fact that <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an awkward area in which we have to recognize that the <unk> categories that are probably too much <unk> .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at first and the end of life .
It 's hard to set out a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very heated arguments today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> about when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors had never had to do it with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot of him , they got a pen in front of his nose , and if he moved still , we still do n't know it .
If I stopped moving it up .
But today , we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a result , we have to address the dilemma of determining really death of somebody , and it puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have simple categories of the past .
And maybe you think that this picture of categories could be happy as me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I stand for people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it makes me nervous .
It turns out that these categories are much more unstable than we thought we thought about .
<unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension first , I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of fathers .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and audacious and so radical in what they did , that I find each so much watching that <unk> <unk> and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
That 's why it happened in <unk> with parents ' parents .
Parents know were , for me , the first activists in the anatomy and explain why .
What they 'd been rejected with was an anatomic concept , and they would plug it with another that was radical and beautiful , and stayed for 200 years .
And as everybody remembers , what our parents were rejected with was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
Now , the monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of the right birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
It was the idea that was coming to the political power for the blood 's rights by the father 's rights , and then the son and so on .
Parents succeed rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomic concept and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They set up the field of play and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomy differences . That was a very radical thing .
And in part they were doing it because they were part of a picture system where they were happening two things .
democracy was happening , and the same time was born science .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the story of fathers ' story , that many of them were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were <unk> out of the supernatural explanations , and therefore they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power that goes out of a positive idea of birth .
They were moving towards a naturalist concept .
And if we look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and God 's God .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And they were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And the women succeeded .
Then the success of the Civil Rights Movement came with people from the <unk> of <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in the lines of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color that will be attached to anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference , and again they succeeded .
We see the same with the Disabilities Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at the coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we should be able to deal with anatomy .
I do n't mean that for five years , they were allowed to have sex or marry .
There are some anatomical divisions that for me make sense and that I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why keep it , and if they make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two creatures to look at the beginning of this talk .
We 've got two creatures , both of them will give them in the middle of 1979 the same day .
Imagine one of them , Mary was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born in a term , was born on the March of March .
By the fact that I was born three months before Mary attribute all the rights three months before Henry -- the right , the right to vote , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all that not because they have a different biological age , but because he was born after it was born .
We found other oddities of their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered man , if I do n't tell you whether it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered man now , he 's <unk> the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , by his part , does n't have the same rights to the marriage that Henry in all states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So we still persist categories that in several ways are bugger and questionable .
And now the question is , what do we do now that science moves in both the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time sometimes , I feel like science escapes .
Where are we going ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a moment has decided to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't make tests of people .
But this is also very strange , given the story that I told you at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his `` I 'll have a team '' speech offers a solution .
It says we should judge people , `` Not in the color of your skin , but in the content of your character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be able to do this for human rights to people , because I have to admit that I know some <unk> <unk> that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> I know can make more informed , intelligent , mature decisions about their sex relationships that people from 40 I know .
So how do you put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me wonder what if the character of a person could be measured in the future to be measured with an instrument , maybe with MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to keep this current current thinking of democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy and I think we 're going to do a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian where a man who is attracted to other men is susceptible to being killed , unless they 're willing to submit to a sex change , in which case it 's allowed to live .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm happy to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon with which I talked about a couple of years ago that I 'd done to give birth twins , and then they grow their fame .
But when the phone was asked , the operation was a very <unk> operation , he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , has it considered the political asylum instead of a surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers enormous possibilities to people to be who are not <unk> to change the state well .
So I think we have to be on your head .
Well , to conclude , I mean I 've been talking a lot about parents .
And I want to think of what democracy would be like , or as it might have been , if we were given more participation to Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different backgrounds , in particular if there are people thinking in group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of how to think and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but in fact , they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to deal with those who are <unk> inside the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
A few years ago , one of my advisers who knew I was interested in feminism to me as a feminist , as <unk> me made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what 's about feminine feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the saddest question I 've heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking the stereotypes of gender , so there 's nothing feminine in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought , the more I 've thought that there 's a feminine thing in feminism .
That is , there could be something , on average , something different from the female brain and the male that makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So while parents were very excited to find the way to protect people in part of the state , it 's possible that , from having added more moms to this concept , maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy : think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So , as we try to create a more perfect union , let 's think about what we 're doing each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where they want to go to live and work , they have a chance to choose between a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we 're far away from that target .
There are billions of people in developing countries that do n't count with a single city willing to make it happen .
But the amazing thing about cities is that it 's worth much more than their cost of building .
So we could easily inflate the world tens , maybe hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may be absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But it 's simply <unk> by apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of them who wanted to live in apartments already , and that the other half is still failing to do it .
You might try to increase the ability to make <unk> in all buildings existing .
But you know the problem that we 're going to find out is that those buildings , and the areas that surround them have the rules to avoid the discomfort and the distractions for construction .
So it would be very hard to do all of those <unk> .
But they could go to a whole new place , build a completely new apartment building , always , and when the norms of that place will build the construction instead of putting markers .
So I proposed that governments would promote new reform zones to contain cities , and I gave them a name : <unk> cities .
Later , I learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of Honduras .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> would come from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of Honduras went through a constitutional crisis in 2009 .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> imposed on a platform in which <unk> reforms and at the same reconciliation time .
He asked him to be his chief cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a lot of testing with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , like those rules that say you ca n't go and upset all the current residents of apartments .
It 's a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes both of technologies as a norms to make progress , and it 's usually the rules that prevent us out .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent me a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's tell the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a room of a hotel hall .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this image that shows the value of land in a place like New York City . Notice , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , <unk> said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that are embedded there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this might be the way that our country forward .
He asked me to go and talk again , and I would talk again about four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that is about 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
All the <unk> <unk> world .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have this on my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city that you could go into Honduras , rather than hundreds of kilometers away from the North .
And they would also include new choices for leaders .
Because the leaders of Honduras would need help of countries associated with , they could benefit from the countries associated with them that they would help them establish and make the rules of the charter , so that they could all trust the charter that the charter actually will be true .
We went and saw a site .
This photo is there .
It could easily take a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly after January , the 19th of January , voted in Congress to <unk> its constitution and to add a constitutional arrangement that would allow you to create these special special regions of development .
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis , voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was <unk> to one .
All the games , all the factions in society , got it .
To put it in the Constitution , it has to pass twice in Congress .
On February 17th , passed again in another voting , from Austria to one .
Immediately after the voting , from the 21st to February February , a delegation of 30 <unk> went to the two places in the world that are most interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big center in the city that 's building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after four years , getting permission .
The other interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've built two cities in China and are preparing for a third .
And if you think about this practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the managers to come , and then it would enable them to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate court for this new judicial system .
There are urban planners and developers who are very interested in the project .
You can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know they 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are many companies who wanted to move in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world , there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to change immediately to another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go get a job ; they sometimes are single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet with their parents who have n't seen , in some cases in a decade .
So what does it look like to think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these , or a hundred of these all over the world ?
What does it look like to think of insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends asked me to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is , I live obsessed with costumes .
I love to find , wear , and more recently , photograph and publish my blog bold , colorful , colorful outfits .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is secondhand markets and <unk> markets .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go to meet people <unk> , and usually my money goes to a good cause ; I just look at it ; and buy becomes my personal search for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Being from my size ?
Do I like color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what does someone have that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I 've brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
underwear at exactly one week is everything I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And because they do n't know me like the woman who walks at TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
While I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
This is what I call brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole set , including the jacket , and it took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday : color is energy .
It 's pretty much impossible to be from bad humor , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
<unk> : The integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you do n't just understand you , you 're going to miss yourself .
<unk> : <unk> of the boy that you 're wearing inside .
Sometimes people say to me that it seems to play the <unk> , or I remind them of their little seven years .
I like to go and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : Trust is the key .
If you think that you look good at something , it 's almost sure you 're .
And if you think that you do n't look good at something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think that you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , you do n't see that you ca n't attract it .
So there 's no excuse for anyone in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to do .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal universal fact six words for you : The golden <unk> go with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing one personal style is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week simply because of what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I went home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson that I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need to feel emotionally emotionally , because around the corner , I 'm always going to have another crazy suit , colorful and bright <unk> , if there 's a little bit of love in my heart and I 'm looking for .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts .
The left side , which is the logical part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you put up a scale to measure the fitness in each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some of these extremes are on one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like that -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres .
It 's not that being mutually exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists , we need quite logical to make these complicated complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them , and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
It 's an intuition that you can have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be just one place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , it developed .
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar .
It was a small kid , and he did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet you 're going to play with that bar of parking lots and taught him a valuable lesson , and that is that big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world , except you are a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can cross walls , or that they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all of these observations , and they called the quantum mechanics theory .
At that point , the physics was a few years ago ; you needed to need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit very well to my intuition , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well sometimes I play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , no one saw a particle .
But they did n't fit well to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of little particles , and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all be following the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I would feel so much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little piece of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's just at the center .
And then here we do a great approach to the small metal metal .
What we see is a small piece of metal , with a springboard shape , and that stands up on a platform .
And then I did this almost the same way that you would make a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip , and I put all the big machines around 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this hole in a way of swimming swimming across the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know the uncomfortable thing to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kind of weird things , but then when other people go up , I 'll just leave you with doing those things , because I do n't bother you , or , really frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> colleagues from inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to drive all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We put the lights up , then we introduced a vacuuming and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it into a temperature of less than one degree above zero .
Now , when I 'm just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants .
So we measured their movements .
We found that it moved in very strange forms .
Instead of staying perfectly still , I was vibrating , and the way it was like a breath in this form -- as a <unk> that expands and contracts .
And by giving it a soft drive , we were able to make it happen , and that we do n't break at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and do n't hurt at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case : all the trillions of atoms that make up that piece of metal are still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just at certain points when those line line .
In the rest of the time they are <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
And it was really worth it in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one single atom and that little piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that piece of metal and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part .
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we lit the lights and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are simply on a small space .
So you hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the profound strangeness of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another work on Google , until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that was here and allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with very interesting museums of nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories from why we did it .
I think my own story is just explaining to this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
<unk> from a great education -- not <unk> , but I did n't have access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I 'm trying to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started doing it .
So better than show the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we 've done from their launch .
So , simply , we 're going to <unk> .
Look around all the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to get into one of my favorites , to <unk> , the art museum in New York City .
There are two ways to do it -- very simple .
We click on it , and you click ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where they are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and you have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We open the plane up , and with one click , we jump inside .
They 're in , they want to go to the end of the hallway .
You go ahead . That 's <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` <unk> '' from Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign + .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's the whole metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there ; but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'm going to show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom in in a very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression has no price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I went in and found that the kids were actually playing something .
I did a little bit , I talked to some people in the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is a <unk> called a pole on Tuesday .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get into even deeper and you 'll see that you can actually even get the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to take away the image , you really see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is coming , a second .
So now we 're going to start to jump again at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` <unk> night . ''
The example I showed was to find the details .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want to see how Gogh they actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts on this frame , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is `` <unk> night , '' I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot more things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
You all , absolutely , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have a mansion , that 's the same .
You can online to create your own museum , create your own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we go in , and -- I created this function that I call `` The Power of zooming , '' we just just zoom in around .
This is the ambassadors in London National Gallery .
You can write things , send your friends to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all the amazing things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my view , they even do n't come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium do justice to their artwork , and that 's represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon , everybody .
I have something to show you .
Think that it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it responsive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy , growing up with this photo on the front wall , but the reason I show you this is that it 's happened really interesting in the racing racing in the last two decades .
Some time ago , if you wanted to win a race of Formula 1 , take a budget and put it to a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot was good enough , you would win the race .
This is what , in engineering , you 've got a real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
Today 's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to get into our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're becoming open computers .
And , like such , they 're starting to respond differently and can be <unk> and <unk> .
<unk> cities is big .
As a note aside , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and even 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond cities , all of these detections and <unk> are entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of PUMA <unk> for weekends at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` Leave me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , begin to speak to us .
In a way , it 's kind of like almost all of the existing atoms come back sensors and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
It 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo launched the Moses , he says that at the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it in the Moses -- -- you can still see a little <unk> , and he said , `` Did you say , `` Did n't you talk ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts to speak to us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples ; I insist on the idea of getting the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer looking at 2006 .
It was the year when Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they played Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , the end won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day , looking at the activity of the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is on the top .
By the late afternoon , there are people over here and doing calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do one called the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
She earns Italy , yeah !
That night they were all going to celebrate the center .
There you see the great summit .
The next day , they all went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of the time .
And then everybody went down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman era , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we would n't have done just a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : it 's not about people , but of things we use and consume .
Today we know everything about the provenance of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac , how you put it together .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the garbage in its shift through the system .
We started with a couple of volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are going to happen in every fashion fashion .
Then we put a little chip , a label , and then we start to <unk> them .
These are the results .
From Seattle .
after a week .
With this information , we realized that there are many <unk> in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist .
They 're happening complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing that we believe is that if we see every day that the cup that we dropped is not disappears , that 's still somewhere on the planet .
If the plastic bottle we dropped a day is still there .
That if we show that to people , then we can promote some behavior change .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about sensing and many other great things we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all began with a question of the mayor of the city , who came up and told us that Spain and the South Europe has a beautiful tradition of use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology be , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine that you have a trunk and valves , the valves , the <unk> , <unk> it open and close .
It 's created as a curtain of water , with water pixels .
If the pixels fall down , you can write in them , show patterns , images , texts .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open up so that we can pass , as you see in the image .
We presented this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it a lot .
And they 're going to give up a commission to design the building entry .
We call it `` Digital Water . ''
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows and no windows , but when you 're coming up here , it opens up so you can go .
The roof is also covered with water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the roof .
Or you can close the building and the entire architecture disappears , as in this case .
Those days , there will always be somebody , in the winter , when the roof goes down , someone who was there , and he said , `` Let 's build the building . ''
No , it 's not that they have demolished , but when it gets down almost the entire architecture of the architecture .
Here it is working .
You see the people who are going on .
And here 's myself trying to do n't get wet when we test sensors that open water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all of the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids of <unk> came to the building , because the way of interacting had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to let you go , but a building that kept making <unk> and water holes and you had to jump to not get wet .
( People noises ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about using people to give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and of projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air , and that each had a small pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , moving with others in synchrony .
We could form this cloud .
It 's a kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine the screen appears at different scales and sizes , in different types of resolution .
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D that you can get closer and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> controlled , going down to form an V , like before .
When the light goes on , you see this , the same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them being controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of the people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with <unk> <unk> <unk> from the best ballet dancers from today , the star in New York City and La Scala to capture their movements in 3D and use it as entry for the <unk> .
Here we can see them dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , it captures it in different resolutions .
It 's so much that 3D digitization , such as motion motion .
It can give it all the movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and turnover .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could get people involved in order to do something and change our environment as a <unk> farm like a barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine we could make all of us a little bit of a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we went from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama 's campaign -- we can go through it , we can move from the digital world , the self-organizing power of networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow , it can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how do we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can get people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the actual cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud they are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered in pixels .
You can move inside , have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will be to share to share the main moments of 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection to the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can rise up , as a new top of London .
You can get there .
As if it was a new digital beacon at night , but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with only about changes in your genes , you could improve memory -- for more accurate and faster and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in better ways to be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and sure ?
What about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who were always wanted to be more creative .
What would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience member : Creativity ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
Few of them , you probably owe the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many of you will choose memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little less .
What about longevity ?
Oh , the majority . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have something that the world would be very different .
Is it only imagination ?
Or perhaps ?
Evolution has been a theme here at the TED Conference , but today I want to give you a doctor on the subject .
The great pig of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the Church <unk> Church , he wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except the light of Evolution . ''
But if you actually embrace biological evolution consider this : it 's just about the past , or the future ?
It refers to each other or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , the one that we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimps about six or eight million years ago .
There has been maybe 20 , 25 different species of hominids .
Some of them have gone and back .
We 've been here about <unk> years .
It might seem that we 're very far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that is used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , you 're chemically indistinguishable from the pancreas that comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all carry in the gut more bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio 's asked about the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a beautifully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want to have no effort .
It 's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with occasional exchanges at the way out .
But because of what else we are , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our lives .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or destined to become something different , something maybe better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast <unk> symphony of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass ; the animal kingdom , as one single one and only <unk> ; and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk so I hope you enjoyed .
When I just reported to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , each cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to two cells .
But when the multicellular organisms appear things start to change .
It goes into sexual reproduction .
And something very important : the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you could say that the inevitability of death of the body is in evolution at the same moment of sexual reproduction .
I have to confess that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death of sex ; it seemed pretty reasonable at the time , but with every year that was happening , I 'd ever had more doubts .
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still acting in Vegas in their 90s .
And one night , someone hits her door to your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , he finds a magnificent <unk> dancer of clothes .
He looks at it and he says , `` I came to look for a sex soup .
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I choose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted us to be healthy .
I wanted to restore health on the disease .
I wanted us to live more and healthier .
Evolution is about moving the genome to the next generation -- adapting and generation generation after generation .
From an evolutionary standpoint , you and I are like <unk> <unk> rockets to send the genetic load into the next level of the orbital level , and then let us fall into the sea .
I think we all would understand the sense that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily ignore longevity .
It does n't necessarily ignore the bigger or stronger or faster and even smarter .
Evolution helps the creatures better adapted to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the bacteria <unk> that can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , fish dry in vacuum , yet they 've managed to do that a welcoming environment .
So what this means , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , to the next phase -- and I would argue that there are many possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't know .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been <unk> and disappeared from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we have <unk> our environment so that it was adapted to us as we adapt to him .
And by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we were so excited that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that evolution happened .
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of the traditional , natural kind , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation , as a kind of <unk> planets are going to be the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive possibility , intriguing and terrifying .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but yaw and elected by us as individuals in the decisions we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
First to consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing more males than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you pick at the individual and family level .
Just think that if you could be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring , but in your own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases .
What if we could make genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Do n't you want to make those changes in your genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and sued 13 .
<unk> million dollars .
The next year of being done , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months .
Today , you can get a sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost near 20,000 dollars and one week .
There 's not a lot to be done for the human genome for $ 1,000 and getting more and more .
These changes come out .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect themselves , but they 're going to induce immunity against other viruses .
Believe it or there 's no experimental trials in the course of the flu vaccine that 's grown in cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good that out of tobacco ?
That 's actually today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine just two small changes .
Can you change the cells from their bodies , but if they could change the cells of their offspring ?
And if you could change the sperm and the eggs , or change the newly <unk> egg , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want children 's healthier ?
And then that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent disease is going to enable us to adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings above all if you could get it to me with the next generation of machine Watson ?
Why do n't we have a <unk> muscle that allowed us to run faster and further ?
Why do n't we live longer ?
This is going to be compelling .
And when we are in conditions of passing this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years , and we can compress it to 1,000 years and maybe happen within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have to them .
Are we going to use these options to attempt a better , more successful society , more considered ?
Or , let 's go selectively different attributes that we want for some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to face .
And the deeper of all , are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or bad , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine an airplane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor by making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . Sounds scary .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about with the flight flight .
So I immediately looked at them , and they said , `` There 's no problem . We probably got a few birds . ''
The pilot had already scratched the airplane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the airplane with the Hudson River .
Usually that 's not the route .
<unk> engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three other words I 've heard .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more about the flight assistant .
I could see him in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before they die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to and did n't , all the fences that I 'd wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have and never had .
As I thought about that later , I was a sentence , which is , `` I collect bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is while <unk> the bridge George Washington , who was n't very much -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a big deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also took place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted on things that did n't matter to people who matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as <unk> in that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years , I have n't had a fight with my wife .
You feel about wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; it 'll be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mind is going to be <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the <unk> water .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , dying is not scary .
It 's almost like we 've been doing it for that all our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness becomes a single thought , which is , just desire one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not much artistic talent -- still . And I scream , cry , like a little boy .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be the world .
At that point I understood , by connecting those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
On the way , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was awarded a miracle , not dying that day .
And I was given another gift , which was the ability to look at the future and go back and live differently .
You 're flying today , I challenge you to imagine that the same thing is going on in your plane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What would they do , they still wait because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How would you change your relationships and the negative energy on them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most great thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy is called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day he got home after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel tingling on your legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today <unk> has complete paralysis .
You can only use your eyes .
Her work influenced me .
I have a design company and animation , so , obviously , graffiti is a intricate thing we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to go to Tony , <unk> , and its cause .
So I went and met with her brother and father and I said , `` We 're going to give you this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him , and he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` A second , is n't that you 've seen Stephen <unk> is n't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you are somebody important , and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate so ? ''
Do you see the movie , `` <unk> and butterfly '' ?
They communicate that way -- they 're coming up with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check and instead signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I committed her brother and father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to make your art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside it ca n't communicate . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple of months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then , with a laser pointer , draw on that , and they record the negative space .
So they go around by making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
First of all , they start with sex organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and eventually people start making art .
But there was always a life cycle in his presentations .
And so the journey began .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization , and so much of the organization we had to move things from one side , we had achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of insurance companies , and we got a machine so that we could communicate , and a machine like Stephen Hawking 's like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call him <unk> because when I 'm talking to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy 's fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers across the world 's <unk> world of all of the corners of our house .
My wife , the kids and I , we moved to the garage in the back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we would do something completely stupid , and when you 'd like , you would have had the frames out of the walls , and instead there would be graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping ride , my son was part , my dog was part , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
It 's a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the sea ride , which was some copper wire and things from Home <unk> and Radio Shack .
We took an <unk> camera , we open it up , we put it on an LED light , and now there 's a device that 's free and it builds yourself ; we published the code , we published the software <unk> down .
And we created a device that does n't have limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company to say `` no . ''
There 's no hospital that can say `` no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate with just your eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much for you . That was amazing .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this picture is someone else 's room , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of all the night , I was intense sessions of all night , Tony went back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and it 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the parking lot of the hospital .
And he went back to drawing for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling of the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to bust in the parking lot , so we felt like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what was telling us , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater and somebody finally came to me and get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In some way that 's our <unk> .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go with this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> <unk> .
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves a lot more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all sorts of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us and then , in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010 , and it was really great .
The best thing about all this -- and this is what ends up the <unk> is that in April of this year in the <unk> of Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibit called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art in <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> of urban art <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them will be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive .
So , basically , this is my idea : if you look at something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the computer , the computer , the microphone -- nothing was possible at a certain time .
Make it possible -- anything in this room .
And I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with your recognition technology ; I just recognized something , and I 'd become a wonderful thing to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want us all to do every day when we 're going to find something that we feel like to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years <unk> in situations generally very difficult , and at the same time an dangerous time .
I went to jail -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film in war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous at the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been focusing on situations in terms of horrible things with the only goal to try and look at social questions in ways that come as attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing it in a way that looks cool and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands , and I wanted to do something a little different .
So , some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago I got an award in <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , volunteered for the rights of the name of 2011 .
What had was next : `` Let 's make her <unk> presents : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is about and on content I could get on the face , especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it .
But said this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot of .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If I had asked that a year ago , I would n't have been able to tell you for certain .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we tested the marketing world , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing could be done , for something that 's so difficult or so dangerous to go into the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that 's about the product of products , marketing and advertising , and that the whole film goes on with <unk> of products , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
What 's going on in `` The biggest movie ever sold '' is all up to the bottom , beginning to end , has images of brand , all the time , from the <unk> that appears before the title , the brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> Never , the <unk> Center .
These people get into the film to be filmed by forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Audience member ) It 's redundancy .
I 'm a backup . ( MK : I just say that . ) It was more emphasis .
It was `` Free forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the <unk> of the X brand in the title , but we 're going to make sure we 're running all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe you 're a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you 've used ...
The most cool car that you 've driven in `` The largest movie ever sold , '' the best drink you have to drunk from `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is , then also to show the brands as part of life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : Doing the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the film is the whole of transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , all the film , beginning to end .
And I would love to help you to help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
<unk> : However , I do n't know how it 's going to be the people .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money do you need to do this ?
MS : A million and a half . ( D.C : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard for the meeting , but it certainly is worth caring for a couple big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie hits us , let 's look like a whole bunch of disgust .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` not . ''
MS : But will it be difficult to sell , by the film or being me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : That means you 're not very optimistic .
So do I help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about what brands .
MS : Yeah . ( MK : That 's the challenge . ) When you look at the people that you have to deal with ...
MK : We have a few places where you go . ( MS : Okay . ) Let 's get the camera .
MS : I thought that `` turns the camera , '' meant we have a conversation outside of microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS : And so , one of these companies suddenly disappeared .
No wanted to have nothing to do with this movie .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything about this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought that the concept of advertising was to introduce you to the product as many people as possible , to make so many people see it as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the stage of the separate media , is not the idea to tell with that new vehicle worth worth worth of attention ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error and that mistake was this .
Actually , there was n't such a mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for images from Google on Google , it 's one of the first images that come up .
I like to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen ; it 's very easily understandable , which is characterized by the visibility or access to information , especially in business practices -- being the last line , maybe the biggest line .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians name , the president , the claims , even the CEOs name .
But all of a sudden when it comes to making it happen suddenly it changes a sudden .
But why ? Well , the transparency day -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird path of rural .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is it risky ?
I 'll give you a whole bowl of Cool Cool Cool .
That 's pretty risky .
When I started talking to companies and tell you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want them to tell <unk> .
We want to tell a story , but tell a story . '
See , when I was a kid , and my father would tell me at some lie -- and there he 's him looking at me as he used to me , `` Son , there 's three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> for many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own , I would have to take the intermediary and go to businesses myself with my whole team .
So what I started from all of a sudden -- which I started to give me to me is that when you start talking to the companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant , giant films making small , independent films like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood , say that the reason their films are so successful , it 's because of the brands they have .
And then my friends making independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The biggest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to go out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant deodorant .
At any time during an interview with somebody I can say , `` Are you fine for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You see a little nervous .
I want to help you with you .
Maybe you should put you a little bit before the interview . ''
And then I would offer you one of these amazing computers .
Both `` <unk> <unk> '' like `` Make De paradise '' are going to have your opportunity .
We 're going to have a lot of man as a woman -- solid , to <unk> , in bar , whatever .
That 's a general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a <unk> look .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the kind of smaller movies that you have done ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that have other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , remind people , is the reason why we 're interested in .
MS : What words would you use to describe to me ?
Panbanisha is in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : higher tech .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We 're talking about something bold , cool .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus `` combat '' and sweat .
It keeps you fresh .
How do we keep them fresh ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like those of the benefits of the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common type ?
I need to talk to the man from the street , to the people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to tell me about my brand .
MS : How do they define your brand ?
Man : Hmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like the good clothes .
Woman : revive the 1980s , punk punk be punk unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : One thing . ( MS : No . ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have , would be like a dark man .
I like the dark colors , a lot of gray gray and things like that .
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses , or I like crystals and similar .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The mark I am , I would call it casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In a hippie part , in part of the <unk> , in part of the Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
<unk> toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because <unk> the commodities .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , that 's not all of us can be brand Tom , but I often miss the intersection of dark , dark .
I realized that I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call `` designer ' personality . ''
And I found a company called Randy <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they could do it for them , they surely could do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the pictures , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings of being .
MS : These people shape around the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come from , and they start in a place , and in my case comes , and they start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next thing you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is , `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like things different .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
A : Tell me about why . What does that work ?
What is the <unk> ? What is the <unk> phase you find right now ?
Why is it important to restart ? What is red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
It does n't have to be frightened . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you . ) All right .
MS : Yes , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was really crazy about this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , the brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> mark .
They were very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think that some companies are only going to become one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend to -- and it 's nature 's nature to avoid the things that they 're not secure ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you actually give them a positive and make them become positive , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here to Target , Wii , Mini of Mini <unk> and <unk> .
Now there 's playful marks and brands conscious , those things that have gone and come , but a <unk> brand is pretty powerful .
MS : <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If somebody asks you to get your identity identity , your personality personality , what would be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? Are you somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more a descending attribute ?
A little bit shorter , reserved , conservative ?
<unk> attributes are like being playful to be cool like Prince , contemporary , adventurous , bold , bold as <unk> <unk> , rapid or agile , profane , dominant , mystical , mystical .
Or are you more than descending attribute ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated as <unk> ?
You 're set , you 're set , traditional , provider , protector ? Are you going to ask you with Oprah ?
Are you trustworthy , stable , familiar , reliable , reliable , confident , contemplative , wiser , wiser , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
Over the course of this movie we had over 500 companies , bottom-up and descending , they said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have nothing to do with this film , mostly because they would n't have control , they would n't have control over the end .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they 're now using magnetic resonance to identify the centers of desire in the brain both for commercial marketing .
We went to San Paulo where ad ads have banned .
In the entire city over the past five years , there 's no posters , there 's no posters , there 's nothing .
And we went to school districts that companies are getting into the way in schools with liquidity issues in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest answer or the ones I 've gotten more successful are those I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands are made .
<unk> to the <unk> , they took out their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to treat it directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , that it 's going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they have been successful ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to the film , the movie was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
It covers only one period of two weeks and average .
That 's just online -- no press and TV .
The movie still does n't get away .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to win momentum .
And it 's not wrong because of all the agencies that we talk about to their clients is not being part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , it 's pushing it to failure .
I think when you train their employees at the risk aversion is preparing their entire company to be being able to reward .
I feel that what has to happen to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take risks .
We have to encourage the people who are not afraid of the opportunities they can do .
Ultimately , forward , I think we have to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . <unk> the risk .
From one <unk> at once , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to harbor transparency .
Now more than a little bit more honesty is going to go a long way .
And that said that , with honesty and transparency , my whole talk `` <unk> Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for dollars bought the rights of the name on <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> great data for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , in name of transparency , which happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's an exceptional question .
In my pocket , I have a check on the TED array organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for dollars to be applied to my TED Prize for the next year .
And the idea behind the Stuxnet <unk> is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant .
The gray boxes you see are control systems in real time .
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems to centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we managed to put a cash virus out of Windows in a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a <unk> Windows .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
Is it easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started looking at Stuxnet about six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing that I knew is that it 's very , very complex in the part of Windows : the <unk> used multiple <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
So that 's called attention , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet , and we saw what happened with this .
So they were very strange .
Stuxnet actually behaves like a laboratory rat that he did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experiencing with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a targeted attack .
It 's completely driven . ''
The <unk> is looking at active in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working in that place .
If you do n't , Stuxnet do n't do anything .
So that 's called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , say , for example , an American power plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
We 'd better make the target soon .
And so we pulled out and <unk> the attack code , and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small and a big one .
We also saw that they were armed with very professionally patients for people who obviously had all the internal information .
They 're going to go through all the points for attacking .
You probably even know how much the operator fits .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that the Stuxnet <unk> is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the payload is very complex .
It 's very above all we 've seen before .
Here you see a show of this code .
We 're talking about 15 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like an assembler .
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code .
What we were looking at was called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and tried to <unk> with the real world , with potential targets in the real world .
We need to have theories about viruses that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent cure , it must be a valuable white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most of the infections have been <unk> .
There are n't many thousands of goals in that area .
It basically goes down to the nuclear power plant of <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I told them in an effort to marry their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with rotor of rotor .
The rotor is that cell part of the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can afford to make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and <unk> in an effort to get crazy to the nest engineers , so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> by looking at the data and its structures .
So , for example , the number of <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started investigating scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's structured , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better .
These <unk> in Iran are split in 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
An almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of trust to understand what we had in the hands .
Because there 's no misunderstandings , it was n't .
The results have been out of several weeks of hard work .
<unk> <unk> <unk> ends , and we had to start back .
And yet , we found that both digital warheads were going to just take one and same goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and turning the rotors and <unk> , and the big <unk> is communicating with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In addition , we 're very confident that we 've determined that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about other goals are <unk> by Stuxnet .
I 'm showing you some very interesting things that we saw , really shocked me .
There 's the gray box , and the top you see the <unk> .
What this thing is doing is intercept the input of input entry values for example from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with false input input .
And believe it or not , these fake input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like the Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security camera is <unk> <unk> .
Is it cool ?
And the idea here is obviously not only <unk> on the fourth of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the big steam turbine is going on speed , you must open up from escape exhaust .
Obviously , this ca n't do it a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can spend bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And they 're not <unk> or safety .
That 's scary .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to see , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> of uranium .
It could work as well , for example , on a power plant , or in an automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker , which disseminate this load with a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional technology of worm worms .
It 's as possible .
And if you made that , what you made is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence that we need to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We need to face the consequences , and better than let us prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , it 's been public in many sides that people assume that the <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your view ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is n't Israel .
The engine behind this is cyber superpower .
There 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can be able to take you and give them <unk> skills , or another one that makes chairs of the wheelchair chairs and go back to walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not different than something that puts in the morning , gives you a big force , which is also increasing its speed , and helps you , for example , to handle balance .
It 's actually the true integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and hook it up with the universe and other entities outside .
This is not a false idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier that , on average , it must take over their back a <unk> of 45 kilos , and it 's pushing it up with even more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some major complications -- injuries on your back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage to back .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> . Human Human Human Human <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton , I can carry 90 kilos for variables for many hours .
Its flexible design , it allows you to put a lot of <unk> and execute movements with great agility .
I mean what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then my strength increases and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the wheelchair users , what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people about , in the wheelchair , all over the world .
Like one percent of the whole population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people with damage to the spinal column that when they started their life -- to 20 , 30 , 40 years -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only option .
We also talk about the population that you get older as quickly .
Her only choice , many times -- by brain injury , or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been that for the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I have to recognize .
So , we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
So let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who was 19 years ago had a spinal cord injury , and as a result , he could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , he mentioned .
It 's got about sensors .
completely invasive on the crutches , that they send signals on board on board , right here on the back .
There 's also some batteries that give the motors on the motors , and on the knees , and you make it forward with this soft and very natural pace .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a strange leap in the air , skiing it downstream .
In a fraction of a second , I lost every sense and all of the pelvis .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my bedroom in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk again . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
That 's how I stole it to the last piece of hope to me .
<unk> technology since then , it 's allowed me to learn how much it costs to be below <unk> , climbing rocks and even ride a bicycle bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms for sitting and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have the whole potential here to change future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of chairs , everyone .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have their baton , they practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , that lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known for their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made a lot of emphasis on this aspect of our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas the chimps are dominated by big , terrifying guys , Bonobo society is in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where violence is not observed .
But unfortunately , Bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the jungle <unk> , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- the stage of a violent conflict that has been prolonged for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction is also putting in danger to the survival of the Bonobo .
The meat of hunting meat and deforestation are made that you ca n't fill in a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , on this land of violence and chaos , you can hear laughter , hidden trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them like the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual things to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the lifespan is more than <unk> <unk> .
The bonobos , like humans , love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
With him , we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience , and it has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , diversity of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo 's play , it sees the evolutionary roots of laughter , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos from the wild .
First , it 's a <unk> ball game , and I do n't talk about football .
Here 's a female and a young male in a middle of persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It has caught the balls . ''
I just think that in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So sex game is common both in Bonobos as humans .
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like the <unk> and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's the most fun .
But the game is <unk> .
The game is <unk> , it can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where wonder .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with a little bit of water .
I think , like she , sometimes we play alone , and explore the limits of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we formed is the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just small samples of the understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future where we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world more creativity and greater cooperation .
The secret is that the game is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we get to the top of our play capacity ?
The game is not <unk> .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks at the least appropriate to play , it may be the moments that it 's most urgent .
That 's why , primates , embrace this gift of evolution and play together while <unk> creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York City , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , it fires fires as a captain of captain in a fire fire body .
And in our city , where voluntary volunteers are on a highly skilled staff , you have to get to the fire , very soon to enter action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a race to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at <unk> , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in the pajamas , <unk> , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer that I had just got before me , <unk> <unk> <unk> first to the captain , and he asked her to go back and would save the dog 's dog 's dog .
The dog ! I was dancing with the dog !
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell the people that I walked into a burning building to save a living , just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the next one .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to come home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and I need this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I was hoping for , but I went -- I got up the stairs , at the end of the hallway , I went to the firefighters <unk> , ' that at that height , they 'd just finished off the fire , and he walked into the fourth round of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load around the staircase where I met my <unk> and the lovely dog in the front door .
We got out of the house , the treasures for the home owner of the house where , as he was waiting for , his treasure received much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the <unk> house for the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at about the other thing was that somebody had reached a pair of shoes .
Both my calling in Robin Hood , as in my vocation , as voluntary firefighter , I witness acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also acts of grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or they are to get , remarkable levels of success I 'd like to remind you that , not wait .
Do n't wait to win the first million to make a difference in someone 's lives .
If you have something to give , you 're going to get it right now .
<unk> food in a dining room , <unk> a park in the neighborhood .
It 's mentors .
Not every day , we 're going to have a chance to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's lives .
So we go into the game ; we shake the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first block of concrete ran on 1868 with a very simple idea : cement modules from a fixed measure that fit each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used building unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us , as buildings or bridges , one brick at once .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , millions came up with this .
He was called a brick of automatic assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO brick came all the homes .
It 's been estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in Bell Labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks to each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Like the block of concrete , the transistor allows to create much larger circuits and more complex , one brick at once .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept it , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started to explore the idea of bringing engineers into the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best thing about it is they engage through magnets .
So you ca n't put it in a wrong way .
The bricks have an colors of colors .
The green is the output , the blue is the current , the pink is the entrance , and the orange is the wire .
So you just have to assemble a blue one , and you very quickly can begin to make older circuits .
A blue with one green produce light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have a regulator .
If we change the button by a pulse pack , which is here , and now we have a <unk> light .
We added this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , it allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make a faster blink blink , you can just turn this button that makes the pulse be faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to get into bricks and ready to use .
So we thought , sounds , solar panels , motors ; everything must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to play with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best thing is how you start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a light night works , or why the door of an elevator is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also brought it to the design schools .
So , for example , designers without experience in electronics start playing with <unk> as a material .
So here you can see , with paper bottles and felt , we have a <unk> creating ...
( Sound metal ) A few weeks ago , we brought back to the designers of the Rhode Island School of Design , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper and said , do something .
Here 's an example of a project that has made , an <unk> cannon <unk> .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> <unk> lobster that 's afraid of the darkness .
For these not engineers , it became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to be at all .
So , you have an open source .
You can visit the website , and you can download all of the design files and make them out .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators because this world we live in , this interactive world , is our .
So ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is looking for getting involved in the environment .
<unk> collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Uh . Wait a moment .
You can take it a little bit to load .
We can -- we can continue to better leave the video to one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Technology is ...
Oh , `` Oh , I 'm a term for you ? ''
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represent almost everything that it 's supposed to do ; we asked them to work in the government .
The initiative was called `` <unk> for America for America ' '' and they would be like a <unk> of Peace .
We 're going to have a few members every year and we put them working with the municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World , we send them into the city world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the city employees .
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology .
You get to think about it .
It 's a fire hydrants in the Boston city .
So here 's as if I would find a date , but what you really find is that somebody 's being caught by the snow because he knows it 's not really good by turning fires when it 's covered for a meter of snow .
How did it come to help with help this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of members for America for America for America .
They were there in February , and at that time it lasted a lot last year .
They realized that the city never wiped out these fire hydrants .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that the citizens cleaned up with shovels right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an application .
It 's a nice application that you can take a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean up when you 're born .
By doing that , you put a name , you put it in this case .
If you do n't , someone can get it .
So , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe it 's the smallest of the 21 applications last year .
But it does something that no other technology of the government achieved .
And it goes viral .
A responsible for the systems of Honolulu in Honolulu to see this application has realized that it could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to get <unk> <unk> .
It 's very important to work these Sirens of the tsunami , but people steals the batteries .
That 's why it tells the citizens to control .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens look at tails .
And Chicago has just been throwing it out to get people to go down to clean sidewalks when they 're <unk> .
So now we know about nine cities that we plan to use .
And this has spread without friction , naturally and natural .
If you know a little government technology , you know this does n't usually happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool that parents could choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that they have done by regular canals would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the current court of California that the time has taken up two million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there 's projects like this on every level of government .
So an application that has been program in a couple of days and it <unk> into viral form is kind of a shot of warning to the institution of the government .
It suggests the best ways of working , not as private companies , as many people think it should be .
Nor about a technological company , but rather as the Internet itself .
That is , without restrictions , in the open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents a way to address the question of the government that has new generation , not as a problem of an <unk> institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out that we 're very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people all over the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration to that , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something we 've lost out of view .
And that is that if we leave the feelings of politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that are going crazy to us , the government is , essentially , in the words of Tim <unk> , `` What we do together , because we ca n't . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately made up of us -- remember that from `` us , the people , '' the way to think about how to make change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the open-source phone center and information .
It 's the place that serves the calls , if you mark your name in America .
Scott answered this call .
I joined `` <unk> '' on the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , can you open the doors of the house , put music well and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
You do n't get that application .
It was the work of very smart people in the Bureau of New York City County .
One day , this really happened , came up with this : `` <unk> on my bucket of crap . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave you ? ''
The <unk> dynamic dynamic is different .
Scott was talking to person .
In <unk> <unk> , it 's all public , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went to the place , found the cube of garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . I lived ? Yes .
I went home the cube . I went home .
Good evening , sweet <unk> . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to distributed volunteer collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the technological definition of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to educate and help others .
So , a citizen helped another , but here the government had a key role .
He connected the two people .
And it could be connected to government services , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When one neighbor helps another , let 's put communities out .
If we call the animal control , it costs a lot of money .
One important thing we have to think about the government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think that one is the input from the other .
That our input to the government system is the vote .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? We sometimes spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfy our needs , but we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface of 15 inches .
Underneath is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt which holds us that belongs to us that we 've funded as something that is operating in our against , that other thing , and we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy be sensual .
Because it 's where the real job of government happens .
We have to collaborate with the government machinery .
That makes the movement <unk> .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens concerned that they 've written a very detailed paper report on the answer to the order of the U.S. reform project on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for those of us that we 've gone to the government , it 's time to ask us what world we want to leave our children .
You have to look at enormous challenges that they have to face .
Do you really believe that we 're going to go without fixing the institution that can act on behalf of everybody ?
We ca n't afford for government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is that with technology , it 's possible to root the government function so that it can expand strengthening to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act , just to articulate the systems in the right way .
The average of our members 's age is 28 years so that I , again , I 'm a generation greater than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face from who 's going to talk ; everyone will talk .
They can express their opinions at all at the same time and they do .
So when you face the problem of governance , you do n't really care about making your voices hear .
They 're using their hands .
They set up the work to program applications that make applications better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , taking out off weeds and dumping a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people do it .
But these applications are as digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we 're not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We 're more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until we do n't get citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I 've spent most of my life in <unk> communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimuli <unk> has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here have impact around the world .
At times , if something comes from TED , it has a sense and a force that would n't have any other way .
I mean this is because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if they teach them with feeling , they can have special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , it can get a lot more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I actually did n't learn this in the practice of the right , my work .
I learned from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of a dominated African-American family by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , I had power .
It was the last word in the whole discussion in the family .
She <unk> a lot of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Their parents were born in slavery in Virginia in Virginia .
She was born over the 1880 and his experience with slavery , the way it sees the world .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little kid and looked at it , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I was so strong that I could barely breathe , and then I fell apart .
One or two hours later , he went back to her , came up and said , `` Are you still feeling my hug ? ''
And if I said no , I stand up again , and if I said I know , I was leaving myself .
It had this human quality that would always want to be close to her .
The only problem is that I had 10 children .
My mother was the least of the 10 .
At times , when I was going to spend a while with her , it was n't easy to capture their time and his attention .
My cousins were running everywhere .
I remember when I was eight , nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went into the room and there was all my cousins there .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
So he looked at it and he smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 or 20 minutes , she stood up , went through the room , took me out of my hand and said , `` Come on <unk> . The two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I will never forget it .
It took me outside and said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now let me think you wo n't . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he said , `` I want you to know I 've been looking at you . ''
And he added , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do anything you want . ''
I will never forget it .
Then he said , `` I just want you to give me three things , let me go . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to do is you want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you have to make sure that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said , `` The second thing I want you to do is you 're always going to do the right thing even though the right thing is hard . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then finally , he said , `` The third thing I want you to find me is that I never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural . I have a brother a older brother a year old .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a six-year-old package , I do n't know where he pulled it out , grabbed my sister and me and left for the forest .
We just got up doing the madness of always .
He took a drink of beer , he offered my sister , she took a little bit and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . It 's OK . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today , I 'll get it to you .
I 've got something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
And I went down with my strength and went on , and he went , `` Oh , you 're not thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something I probably should n't say .
I know this is widely spreading .
But I have 52 years old , and I can admit I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this thinking it 's an virtue ; I say it by power that has identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others that really do n't make sense of it .
We ca n't get to do things that you do n't believe .
I think my grandmother of course believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage it .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different today than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
There are 2.3 million .
In America , we have the largest incarceration rate of the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor and black communities , they find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of the three black men between 18 and 30 years is in jail or in probation .
In urban <unk> across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , from 50 to 60 percent of all young people in jail or their probation .
Our system is not only distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a criminal justice system that makes you much better if you 're rich and guilty , that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , it 's wealth .
And we seem to feel very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems .
We are disconnected .
I find interesting .
We 're looking at our work with some great developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , give you rights forever if you have a criminal conviction .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of human rights will be as high as it was before we passed the law to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it sentencing to 13-year-old children to die in prison .
We have this country prison for children , without chance of getting out .
Now we 're in a process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This business penalty business is interesting .
In some sense , you 've got to think that the final question is , people deserve to die by the <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity .
There 's another way of looking at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for crimes crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
American death penalty in America is defined by error .
From every nine executed people , they have identified one that is innocent and released from death row .
One rate of error , amazing , an innocent in every nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it would never allow you to be able to fly airplanes if every nine to take off , you would be from crashing .
But somehow we cut off the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our charge .
It 's not our fight .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I 'm talking about terrorism , the time that began at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted to the Second World War .
We really do n't know much about this .
But for the black Americans in this country , it was a little bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The threat of terror was what its lives defined .
Now there 's the biggest people who come up to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you 're teaching talks , <unk> narratives . Get people back to people who stop saying that in our first time with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of separation and separation .
In this country we have a dynamic because we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage in a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done .
I was in Germany giving lectures about death penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said , `` You know , it 's good to listen to what you 're saying . ''
<unk> : `` We have no death penalty in Germany .
We may never be able to have it here . ''
And the room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way that with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of humans .
It would be irrational to us , intentional and deliberately , we would put people out . ''
And I 'm going to think about it .
How would we feel like a world like Germany like Germany , preventing people , especially if they were mostly Jewish ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you do n't really care about these things that are so difficult , positive and wonderful things are , however , you 're involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . <unk> creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , it 's necessary to integrate both of these things .
lately we talk about the need to have more hope , more commitment , more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , the ones that never come to TED .
And thinking about them is , in some ways , something that 's inside our self .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . Even though it 's so rational , so committed to intellectual .
So , with innovation , with creativity , is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from epidemiological ideas as well as the heart convictions .
This connection of your mind with the heart is what drives us to look at not just the brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard .
We practiced <unk> , the great <unk> leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in Eastern Europe suffering from oppression , we wanted all sorts of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , hope for the spirit , a will for being in places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation in the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities as TED , has to commit .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , that allowed us to truly be human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , to injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make up a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things .
We go back to find them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were just together to speak .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to say , `` <unk> , comes the Parks lady . We 're going to get together to speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I said , `` Yes lady . Yes I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I would answer , `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and just listened to them .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , gee , tell me that it 's that idea of justice equal .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been paid unfairly .
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice management .
We try to stop the sentences of life , without parole for children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We tried to reduce the population in jails .
We try to end the massive <unk> . ''
I gave it all my best speech , and I looked at me and said , `` Hmm , um . ''
And he added , `` I 'm exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that moment , Ms. <unk> leaned on , put his finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very courageous . ''
I think that actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to deal with these challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been brought into simple things .
I 've come to understand and believe that every one of us is superior to the worst that we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that it 's a thief .
Even if somebody kills another , it 's not a murderer .
This is why I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think , even though it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very exhilarating , do n't really judge us by our technology , by our designs , or our intellectual capacity or rational .
In the end , you judge the character of a society , not because of the way we treat the rich and powerful and privileged , but by how they treat the poor , the doomed , the prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand really profound problems about what we are .
Sometimes I feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everybody .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way .
I 've been representing these guys that have been convicted of severity .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients 13 , 14 years old , who have been <unk> for them as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn somebody into what it is n't ?
The judge will show it as an adult , but I see a child .
One night , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , it must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should ask something about that .
As it was very late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
He had a 14-year-old customer , a little , black , black .
I began to work on the <unk> , with a <unk> saying , `` <unk> for my <unk> black client is treated as a <unk> white white , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I put there there had been behavioral behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethics , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that silly would be a dream , or did I really write ?
For my horror , it was n't just <unk> , but he had sent it to court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car , and I was very overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went in the car to court .
I thought this would be very hard and pitiful .
Finally , I went down the car . I went to court .
I was going up the stairs when I met a old black man ; it was the courthouse .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I walked up and hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That 's deeply connected to my interior , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the public room .
When I went in , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this audacity <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Yes , Mr. left me . '' And we start discussing .
People started coming . They were all mad .
I was the writing of those crazy things .
The policemen came the policemen , both assistants .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people , all furious because we talked about races , because we 're talking about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the corner of the eye , I went to see the concierge that went and came .
I would look out the window and try and hear all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black , <unk> face , walked in the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
And during the break , a sheriff 's been upset because the DL had come into the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience ? ''
And the old black man stood up , and I looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and said , `` I went into this audiences room to tell this young woman to keep his view in the target of fairness . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large , but it folds into justice .
That we can not truly be human <unk> if we do n't care about human rights and dignity .
That our survival is tied to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the people here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep the view in the target of fairness .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just just heard and see an obvious desire in the audience , from this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There 's several opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> this spring in which you 're going to make an effort to generate the funds that are spent today in punishment policy .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars in death row , over the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of homicide cases in homicide .
<unk> percent of the rapes do n't get anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that we 're going to get these funds to get the law , to safety .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation , it 's told that it has to do with the biggest rate of incarceration .
What would you say to you who you think that 's like this ?
BS : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The large growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes of violence .
It 's because of the wrong War on Drugs .
That 's why it comes this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let ourselves convince ourselves for punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people into life chains -- for stealing a bicycle , for small crimes against property , rather than making them overcome those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does nothing for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've excited you have excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : <unk> the threats by Bin Laden 's death .
Announcer : <unk> in Somalia . Announcer : The police shine . spray .
Announcer : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
<unk> <unk> : social <unk> <unk> : 65 dead .
<unk> <unk> : <unk> of tsunami , <unk> : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War to drug trafficking , massive . <unk> .
Come on . <unk> . <unk> end .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months , <unk> might be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that media means that the media means <unk> negative news , because our minds pay attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of our senses , our senses get many more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters to us more than survive , the first stop from all of those data is an old glimpse of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make harm .
So that 's why a <unk> of stories will look at the negative .
That old saying of the press , `` If there is blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us the negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , it 's no wonder we 're pessimists .
It 's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong in worse .
But maybe not .
Perhaps , instead , what really happens is we get <unk> .
Perhaps huge progress on the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , extinction extinction , water scarcity , and we have no doubt we have .
As human beings , we are very good at regulating problems and , in the long , we just got them .
Let 's look at the last century to see where we go .
Over the last hundred years , the average life is more than doubled , income per capita income has tripled around the world .
Child mortality has gone down 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we 're living the most peaceful time in human history .
And Charles Kenny that the global literacy went from 25 percent to over 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we continue to attract higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America , much of the people who live under the poverty line have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , television , movable , air conditioning and cars .
The <unk> <unk> <unk> of the past century , the <unk> on the planet would never have dreamed of such luxury .
It 's a lot of technology , and , lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil that any tool that <unk> on information technology jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price of price in about 12 to 24 months .
That 's why the mobile phone is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing is -- in good and bad times , in war and in peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the outcome of fast computers that are used to build faster computers .
It does n't stop at any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in a law on the left , it goes up .
The rate of growth of technology is increasingly fast .
And on this curve , to <unk> Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends in Autodesk call infinite computing , sensors and networks , the robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute care production on the entire planet , synthetic biology , the fuel , the vaccines and food .
I mean , how many saw victory you saw in `` Jeopardy , '' from IBM , from IBM ?
It was epic .
I sought in the newspapers the best headline I had .
And I loved this , `` Watson <unk> by humans . ''
`` Jeopardy is not an easy game . ''
It plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available to all of the mobile phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach them these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , that can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done it .
When I think about creating plenty , it does n't mean to create fancy life for every single person on the planet ; it 's about creating a life of as possible .
It 's about taking that that is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the <unk> .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
The troops from Napoleon ate with silver covered , and the same Napoleon , with gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most precious metal of the planet ; it was less than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of Washington owns it .
You see , even though aluminum is Moore 's mass , not like fresh metal .
It 's tied up by oxygen and <unk> .
But then the <unk> came in and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
We 're going to give this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're in a bathed planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to the Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but somebody else .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the generated from diesel : we 've grown , rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that in the late decade of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to 15 cents on the national average .
And if we have plenty of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the water wars .
You remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager Voyager ship into the Earth , in 1990 , then it happened to be Saturn ?
He came up with a famous picture . What was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent per water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent of ice is ice , and we fought for 0.5 percent of the world 's water , but there 's also a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years , but right now .
It comes in nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators in the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , gave me permission to do it -- your technology called <unk> <unk> , which is the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day from zero saltwater , toxic water , one <unk> for less than two cents a gallon .
President of Coca-Cola just thought that I 'm going to make an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out well , and I have full confidence in which that will be , Coca-Cola is able to implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an innovation attached to this technology that there is today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
Oh my God , we 're going to get to 70 percent of mobile penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that warrior <unk> has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that President Reagan 25 years ago .
And , from having a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton was 15 years ago .
She lives in a world of information and communication that nobody could have predicted .
So better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , HD video , images of books and music , of diagnostic technology , <unk> now and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe the best thing to get when the health applications hit .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , something called the <unk> X <unk> , 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world so that combine these technologies into a mobile device with which they speak , and because it has the A.I . , you can coughing , you can extract blood from your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there is no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device <unk> an RNA virus or DNA that does n't exist , I 'll call the health zone and , first of all , stop the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance .
I call it a billion increase .
The white lines here are the population .
We just turned the brand from the seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , switching from two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never been heard of the global conversation .
So what do these people want ?
What happens ? What does it want ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the biggest economic injection of the story .
These people represent tens of trillions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health care thanks to the <unk> , of a better education with Lake Khan , and because of the use of 3D impressions and the computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can you give us three million more members of members of humanity , healthy healthy and productive ?
What about voices have never been heard before ?
What if we give the oppressed to the oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and power for the first time ?
What do you do with these three billion ?
What if they are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that were before they could only make big corporations and governments .
I 'm going to finish by sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game that people can take a sequence of amino acids and find out how they fold the protein .
<unk> determine the structure and functionality .
It 's a very important thing in medical research .
And so far , it was a problem of supercomputers .
They 've played with this college professors , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people went in and began to play it .
And it 's been shown that the computer recognition machinery is better proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power to take the big challenges on the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion for the <unk> innovative .
We have the capital of the <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to have to work on to work on the solution of great challenges and do what we should do .
We 've got in front of a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'd just give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in <unk> .
Maybe they believed he was born finches , but it was n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as `` common . ''
It was mere .
He got it a lot caught up to the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , over Galapagos and other places , so that has nothing special .
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
<unk> are still saying it 's intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
It burned very much with the sun and I was convinced that I was n't there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm trees , and as you can see , from mangroves .
There were <unk> <unk> , the tilapia of black beard .
And the fishing of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was going on for a good time , so he was earning more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later the number of fish had halved .
I went on to five inches .
It 's a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing changed , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was interested in the introduction of <unk> fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , in the <unk> Europe , he started a lot of development projects .
fishing development was to impose to the countries that they already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , quite ugly , was called <unk> 4 .
I went to fishing in it , and we did studies in the South China Sea Sea , and above all , in the Java Sea .
What we 've captured was something <unk> .
<unk> , now I know , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are <unk> tiny on some remains , remains that are fish of coral reefs .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then was launched .
These images are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study , and then you start commercial fishing .
The bottom line is going to be a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They wrote them because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what they collect the fishermen every time they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
It <unk> the starting point , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're going to make this happen .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , quantity of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things naturally .
Every generation to use the images I received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can look at the sense of changes .
And at the end of the end of the remains .
And that , largely , is we want to do it now .
We want to keep things that are no longer , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people , when societies kill animals without knowing what they 've done to a few generations later .
Because obviously an animal that is very abundant , before extinct , is rare .
You do n't lose animal animals .
You lose animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in a sea with big fish .
They become unusual , because we take them .
Over time there are a few fish , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , would argue that it was very different .
And they will do it because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way that they would expect to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of them presented , like Captain such , and just looked at a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually not use the scientists of fish , because it 's not `` scientific . ''
So , we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
From there the tremendous role that can accomplish a protected marine zone .
Because with the marine protected zones , we really recreated the past .
It 's <unk> the past that people can not conceive of because the starting point has been run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine zone and they can benefit from the vision that provides them , which allows them to erase their departure .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the Midwest , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and cinema maybe you can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation in Chesapeake Bay simulation .
A long time ago , there was gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about it in `` Avatar , '' if you think why people were moved with the movie -- -- to talk about the story of why they 're going to deal with images ?
Because it raises something that , in some sense , it 's lost .
So my recommendation , the only one I 'm going to give , is Cameron , making `` Avatar II '' underwater .
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube trend manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form .
It 's true .
So today , we 'll see why the videos are made viral and what importance has that .
We all want to be stars , celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web is making any of us , or our actions , copper through a part of our global culture .
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
There are over 48 hours of video to YouTube for minute .
And , of course , only a small percentage gets viral , you get lots of hits and wins cultural momentum .
How does that happen ?
Three things : From trends , participation communities and surprise .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video of his house in the National Park National Park .
In 2010 , it was 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the rise of last summer of last summer .
He was not proposed to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published many videos of nature .
This video was published in January .
So what happened here ?
He was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this <unk> <unk> <unk> .
<unk> as Jimmy Kimmel present us new and interesting things and <unk> them to a wider audience .
Rose : It 's Friday , Friday . You have to start on Friday . You all want to get the weekend on a week , the weekend , <unk> , Friday . You start on Friday . KA : You wo n't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> , '' by Rose 's most popular videos .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Just like `` rainbow rainbow , '' this video seemed to have emerged from nothing .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Central Science , the first people to make a joke about video on Twitter .
But the important thing is that a person or a group of makers of trends have a point of view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who share this big internal joke , then starting to talk about that and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> of <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody of each other days .
Unlike the one-way entertainment of the 20th century , this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon , or doing something new with that .
`` <unk> Cat '' is a repetitive animation with a chord music .
That 's what it is . That 's it .
This year , you saw it about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a three hours that has been seen four million times .
Until cats saw this video .
And there 's cats who saw other cats to see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made a version of the old one .
And then it became international .
Suddenly , a whole <unk> community came out to make it happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` duplicate rainbow '' or Rose `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What script could have been written to do this situation ?
In a world where two days of video come up for a minute , just that really unique , and unexpected that can be <unk> in the way these things have done it .
When a friend said to me , I had to see this great video of a kind that protest out of a kind that protest into New York City , I will admit that I was n't interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket for <unk> , but there are often obstacles that keep you properly <unk> by <unk> .
KA : Thank you for surprise effect and humor , Casey <unk> got that five million and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth all of the new things that we do creatively .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , totally unexpected , are features of a new type of media , of a new culture , which we all have access to , and it 's the audience that defines popularity .
As I said earlier , one of the world 's right , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , they 're just the current media , but will define the entertainment of the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still being built .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the only one unit and freedom of his country .
<unk> while the communist come into <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been completely in vain .
The words , for so long , my friends are making fun .
It was <unk> in the silence .
He died in the story .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that ever have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be learned , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at dawn <unk> into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two small girls .
For her , life was destined to one task , the escape from his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her who could n't do it .
And after a four-year-old <unk> that challenges the fiction , a boat slid into the sea as fishing ship .
All adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear were hackers and rape and death .
Like most of the adults , my mother had a jar of poison .
If we would catch us , we first would take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , the bow diving in every wave , and vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but that they were fooled by the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying and could n't be able to start by six hours .
But I can remember the lights of the oil rig in front of the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , to end the journey was too much for him ; and the first apple that I tried , given by the men of the platform .
No apple had after the same taste .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations giving a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a <unk> class of class whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle-class suburbs , which I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the shops were the rest of the world .
And the English fragments are being traded among the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then on a assembly line of cars , working six days , double turn .
Yet , I found time to study English and get a I.T in I.T . technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and they were established an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , do n't matter what it should be removed , which was usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform up to the ankles , because it had to last six years .
And there was weird <unk> and <unk> over the `` <unk> eyes , '' and some graffiti : `` Asians , come home . ''
No home , where ?
It 's something in me .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I <unk> in the same bed .
My mother was alive every night , but we told us about our day and we were hearing the movements of our grandmother at home .
My mother had nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares began to be able to make it <unk> .
She opened a computer store , then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women came with their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and boys were trapped in between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic Asian student , relentless with what it took from myself .
On the other one , I was <unk> in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many of them received help over the years .
And for that work , when I studied my last year of lawyer , I was elected the Kenyan young year of the year .
And I was <unk> from one piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
As I read it , anonymous resident of <unk> , was now as well as I read him , refugee and social activist , invited to speak at sites that I 'd never heard about , and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat into the routines and the comfort of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters and two daughters to finish the day as they did for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and running <unk> , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom that I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age that she had when we got up on the ship .
It was never a choice .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You do n't be what you do . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> to the marginalized and the talents .
And the more frankly talking , the more I was to speak .
I met people from all the roads of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of the possible .
And although I finished my undergraduate , I realized I could n't stay in a career of lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an unknown , a newly arrived , new in the scene -- and not just that it 's fine , but it 's something that I will be grateful for , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because being inside it can easily mean <unk> , it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world will pull out , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that were n't <unk> were <unk> .
There was a energy there , a relentless optimism , a rare mix of humility and bravery .
So I kept my intuition .
You 're going to give a small group of people who slogan `` ca n't be done '' was an irresistible challenge .
For one year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of each day , I did a giant soup pot that we all shared .
You get to entry up the night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we cut out .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
after one journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time when the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life has n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother was raised .
By 17 became <unk> from a <unk> whose mother beat her .
Without the support of her husband , he made a stir at the <unk> and take the cause her , and much more <unk> caused when I won .
He ca n't have proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died , 1,000 miles in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw her stop on the other side .
I knew I had come to say let me go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> , and we sat around her casket .
We tell them stories and make sure that we were still .
At night , a monk came and told us that I had to close the casket .
My mother asked us to raise her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` You have n't <unk> . ''
If there 's a nerve on our family , that runs through women .
Because of whom we were and how life formed us , we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would be very easily .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who might wish that for itself ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of easy , the right thing .
Can I give you a bow in your lives , diving brave in every wave , the constant rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't assure you anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safely , I would .
<unk> <unk> and also the mother of it here , in the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the nearest skies , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation of how nothing has changed since the old Indian epic epic .
Back in those days when Indians wanted to travel <unk> to a car , and they 'd run the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great Indian warrior Indian , had thirst , I would pull out an arc and with a <unk> to the floor , I got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we took out was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And I 'm very excited .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I would give you this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't tell my friends .
I thought that the technology had to allow magic , not kill .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> silver pocket .
And this was a <unk> technological piece for my most magical thing .
It became a <unk> door to a world full of images and pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the sense that mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent them off .
We 're inspired by our inspiration .
So I launched this technological world to see how to use it to create magic , instead of killing her .
They took books from age 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a device of storytelling able to connect to the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
And bringing the text into the image , the animation , the sound and touch .
The narrative becomes increasingly <unk> .
But what does that work for ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to -- I write my name .
And so I come back to a book character .
In several moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me .
My inner girl gets excited with all of these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean to magicians and dragons , but that childhood magic , those ideas that are <unk> of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar always became exciting .
So , over here , we have to shift the iPad to liberate fireflies .
And really , they light up your way into what 's subtraction of the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a child was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> .
So here , every book , and every book becomes a <unk> , which I move towards this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In the whole fantasy of fantasy , there have always been maps but it 's been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you over the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another incredibly important aspect to me is to create Indian content and contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of the fairies and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped on the Indra cameras for millennia , in an old and wet wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child story .
In a story that deals today like the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , glued to their PCs , have n't come out the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can pull our kids into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , rocks , pebbles and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So , to recover this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in a chapter , you 'll get a picture of a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then <unk> .
So this is a digital collection of photos that then you can put on the Web .
A fox in London puts a photo of a fox , and he says , `` Oh , today I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken .
Within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology are many possibilities .
In the next book , we have a interaction that you get out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , you see a bunch of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house .
And at a moment the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and <unk> to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature will be connected with technology and magic and technology gets closer to another .
<unk> the sun 's energy .
We 're approaching our kids and ourselves to the natural world and that magic , joy and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was a <unk> director .
And not in a very scientific way , she lifted a little coffee cup or you and I asked patients , family and acquaintances : What happens ? ''
How can we help ?
And we tend to think , this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone , or maybe not all , but most of the <unk> projects fail , because we stop listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's a very simple thing .
It 's got a switch on and off .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I put the challenge to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple that every time I connect , it sends my information at Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that he needs <unk> or any sense of that style , but looking back .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning , I link to my Wi-Fi scale and before I go up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's the pressure of the pairs used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients to stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can <unk> to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity for more control of their health .
From the next week to be available .
This little <unk> attached to an iPhone or another device .
And people can be able to get , from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they get back to the control and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the firing of costs of attention to <unk> , demand of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but also crowdsourcing crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we 'd like to share with you with a video video .
We all have navigation controls in cars .
Maybe even we have our cell phones .
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in <unk> .
Also where they 're all <unk> .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was make crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the audience that , if you see a <unk> , please say , where , where , and when it 's open , because sometimes they open up at timetables new office and others are closed .
And over 10,000 times , we were already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for application for that .
And we did an application for the iPad .
We created an application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next weeks to use your cell phone cell phone to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we 'd like to <unk> globally .
We 're on all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing crowdsourcing around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody collapses , it can be a relative or someone in front of you , you can find it .
Also , I 'd like to invite companies around the world that could help us verify these <unk> .
They might be a messaging services , or mobile people , for example , to see if the <unk> that shows is still in place .
Please help us on this and not just improve health , but to take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share landslides .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because , of course , they 're photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest in photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed up with my previous passion for the drawing , but it was a little bit different because by using the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when the trigger does .
For me , photography had more to be in the right place at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start by hitting the trigger .
Here 's this : a building on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal to keep the level of realism .
And when I say clearly , I 'm <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something that can be broken , but I always want it to be captured in some way as a photograph .
Right , where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It 's more to do with capturing an idea that 's going to capture a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them look real ?
Are the details or colors ?
Are the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's our way to interpret the world , and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
Here 's three perfectly <unk> objects that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in a way you can create something that still seems three-dimensional ; as if there were .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that it does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture look like a realistic picture , I think that 's the ones we do n't even think of , the things that surround us in our everyday lives .
But by combining photographs , it 's very important to think of it , because otherwise something is going to be wrong .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules to continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , you can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined must have the same type of light .
And these two images are placed with these requirements ; they took the same height and with the same type of light .
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect union .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is completely composed of photographs of different places .
In personal , I think it 's easier to create a place that you find , because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that it has in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought of this idea in winter , I knew that I had several months to get around , to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are from a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone well .
And yes , I even made a red line at the top of the island so that it looks more carefully .
So to make a realistic outcome , I think it 's needed planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then we have to combine the different photographs .
And here 's every piece that is very well meant for .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and maybe very realistic .
All the tools are there , and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start showing a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram that I took from a folder me .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the overall aspect .
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors versus the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , as many other people that we tend to see , is a kind of straight line on a log line .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude at the scale of performance .
I 'm going to talk about <unk> technology is something new .
Here 's something weird .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing on paper .
Why do we plot technology curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is that if you draw them in a normal curve , where , let 's say , these are the years , or some unit of time , and this would be any measure of technology that I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say much .
But if we plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , in a <unk> curve would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But if something like this is a qualitative change .
If the technology of transportation <unk> as fast as the microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it does n't go into that rate .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development in a <unk> growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to talk about is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they do n't follow forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
It 's one of two things .
Or to become a typical curve , I know like this until something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So , we 're now in the middle of a transition .
In this line , we are in a transition from what it used to be the world , to a new form .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask myself , is , what is that new way that you take the world ?
Where new state is going on ?
The transition seems very , very confusing if we 're engaged in it .
I remember as a child , the future was happening in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see the future remains the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
And we can feel it .
And we know that it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how could that transition that we experience .
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking away and look at things in the long term .
The scale of time that I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years .
So , we 're going back to a couple of two billion years when the Earth was a large sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that will hang around .
If we look at the way that these chemicals are organized , we give us a sense of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin of RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is that , at that time , I 'd just floating out of some droplets of oil with all kinds of chemical recipes inside it .
Some of those drops of oil drops a particular combination of chemicals that made them bring material out of the outside , and then the drops drops grew .
And they started split .
In some sense , those were the most primitive cell forms -- those droplets of oil .
But those droplets were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you 've been divided to a unequal distribution of the chemicals that were held .
So every droplet was a little different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow became better at the time of bringing the chemicals around ; they grew more and more chemicals and more divided .
They were most represented , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple chemical , but things get interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction .
Somehow we do n't really understand these droplets learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe of the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- we can write things with this code .
Here I have a 100 year-old show that I 'm trying to hide the security people in the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA and put it 10 at 22 times .
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot for everyone in this room , in fact , for every person in the world and it 's here .
If you were a <unk> , you would have put it into a virus , and it would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This is made that these cells were happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things were very different , and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming that communities of cells .
I do n't know if you know , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved antibiotic resistance .
Some bacteria found the way that we could avoid penicillin and <unk> them to create their small DNA with other bacteria and now there 's a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place to form communities that , in a way , they were together , and a synergy .
And so they survived or failed them together , or whether a community was very successful , all the individuals in that community would be sold more and they were monitoring by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came up so much that , in fact , they came together and decided to write the whole teacher 's recipe together in a chain of DNA .
The next stage is interesting for life to take another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell is not serving the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels that cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
And these people started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't make any more special structures .
These are neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process the information that these mobile communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the responsible use structures , understanding and transmit information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , and not the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , to learn to not eat some fruit because I knew bad , and got sick the last time he ate it .
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had been built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built those structures of information greatly accelerated the evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the necessary time to learn .
But then , of course , individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , in your head .
I 'm sitting here and I 'm sitting here by emitting some grunting and hopefully building a similar , vague and fuzzy idea , in his heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we took something very complicated to make it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That now allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started doing abstractions .
Now we go through similar periods of the multicellular organisms ; we abstract our methods of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computing , the video tape , the CD-ROM , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we 're now built to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen at microseconds .
You already saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> where it produced some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we have accelerated time scales again .
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years every single one .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next one , the language and so , took less than a million years .
And the next one , as the electronics , it seems to take just a few decades .
The process feeds off ; I guess <unk> is the right word to name something that speed its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process feeds off .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know the mechanisms that work to design them would n't be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way .
I do n't know that it does every transistor on that <unk> machine .
There are billions of millions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think of a level of abstraction , we put it into the machine and the machine with that does something that was n't allowed , it gets much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes they use methods that we do n't even understand well .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
So we put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of microseconds .
And , for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
`` Please computer , can you run a hundred million random instructions ? ''
You could run these sequences of random instructions , running all those programs , and take those that the most <unk> of what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
So let 's say I want to order numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that come up with the number of numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the order right .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that best did the task ? ''
They put those together and they 're going to go to the rest .
And now I 'll tell you the ones that best sorted the numbers .
And let 's go back to a process of analog specifically to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , that <unk> children , that <unk> <unk> , and that the children will bring the properties of both programs .
So we can get a new generation of software that had a little bit more success .
And we say , `` Please , please repeat the process . ''
<unk> again .
It was going to be some mutations .
And we 're trying again and try again with another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , within a few hours .
In the end , we end up with programs that you call numbers in absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark programs , strangers .
But they do .
In fact , I know , I 've got the security that get the goal because they come from a hundred thousand programs that they did .
In fact , their lives depend on it .
Once I was on a 747 with mind , and he 's got a card and he says , `` Look at this .
It says , `` This airplane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> working together to offer a safe flight . '' Does n't make you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes well .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produces .
Yet we do n't understand the whole options that there are .
In that sense , it 's going ahead of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so I can run these programs much more quickly .
I mean , it feeds off .
The thing goes faster and so I think it seems so <unk> .
Because all of these technologies are fed back .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We are the amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the turning point .
But I think something comes from behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part , thinking that we are the end product of evolution .
And I think that all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is .
But now it comes to lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I get away .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've practiced the time enough to allow me to give up part of my false prestige on that .
Before I was dealing with my talk , let 's talk a little baseball .
Why is n't it ?
We 're near the end , the World Series is coming .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to be out of `` <unk> the rules , '' talks about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope many of you .
It 's called average <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , a <unk> <unk> .
That means that the bat <unk> , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the field of game without being caught , and that anybody who 's trying to throw it out at the first base , no time , and the second base will be saved .
Three <unk> attempts .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> in the Grand League ?
Well , really well , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a baseball baseball <unk> ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's 10 hits , they get it four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams , the last player from the League League of <unk> <unk> <unk> in a regular season .
Now I 'm doing this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less awkward , after I 'll tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis , and they are derivatives to a surgeon who has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a place away , and a loved being wanted to have two clogged arteries and his family physician drifting into a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But do you know something ?
She 's quite improved this year .
And their hits , and their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think that should be the average of a single heart surgeon or an orthopedic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very good .
And the truth of the matter is that no one in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a provider .
What we do , however , is send to the world , and I included , with the mandate to be perfect .
That never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was in medical school .
I was an <unk> obsessive student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied studied for a blood exam .
Such .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the nurses 's homes at the General Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of the memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and muscle work , the branching out of every single artery that comes out of your aorta , diagnosing differential diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew a differential diagnosis about how to classify the various kidney <unk> .
And as much more and more knowledge .
And I was very well ; I graduated with honor .
And you 're going to get rid of the medical school with the impression that if you get all of it , then it would know everything , or as much as possible , I 'm close to all of you , because I 'm getting rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady <unk> .
I was a resident in a university hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service of the emergency room where I was working .
At the time , I was assigned to rise to cardiology .
And when I was requested to take a cardiologist .
And to inform the chief of residents .
When I saw the lady <unk> , I was shocked .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gives me a congestive heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes into the lungs , these blood fill , and that 's why there 's difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on the treatment I would give .
I gave aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure on your heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she began to feel better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake , and he sent her home .
Actually , I made two mistakes more .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , and I did n't do what I should have done , which I was to call my boss and <unk> with him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , he would have been able to give them some countervailing information .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident to get a constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
By send it to their house , he did n't recognize a voice in my interior , he said , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so unsure that I was asked to the nurse who was taking care of the lady who was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go home ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'll be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed up the high , and the ambulance on the ambulance room took her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I kept on my work .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home . At that point , I did something that I do n't normally do .
It went through the emergency emergency of the way home .
And there 's another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady <unk> before , but another one . He said , three words , those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists also fear , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and that is that we see patients ' patients .
The three words are : Do you remember you ?
`` Did you remember the patient who sent home ? ''
I asked the other nurse completely naturally .
`` Well , she went back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was fine .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
Within an hour of having come to his house , after I gave him the high , he suffered a crash and her family called 911 ; the ambulance ambulance brought it to emergency room with a blood pressure of 50 millimeters of <unk> , which means a severe shock .
I would just breathe and was blue .
The emergency staff will go through all its resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a ventilator .
I was <unk> and rocked the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was on intensive care and waiting against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days later , it was not going to be <unk> .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they would get into what was happening .
And the ninth day , they let it go . The lady <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names of those who die .
That was my first experience .
And the next few weeks , I 'm getting rid of it and experienced by the first time , the embarrassment of shame that exists in our medical culture and I felt alone , isolated , without feeling that shame embarrassment because you ca n't get it with your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I 'm talking about is what makes us feel very bad about it .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong , we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't for my boss ; he was a charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure that we 're going to get things out and made sure that I did n't tell me .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send her home ?
And in my worst times , why made a silly mistake ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Little with that feeling was <unk> .
And I started feeling better .
And on a cloudy day , the sky opened up , and finally came out the sun , and I wondered if I 'd feel better again .
And I did a deal with myself in which if I could make the efforts perfect to be perfect to make more mistakes , I would make those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
But again .
Two years later , I was an assistant at the emergency department in a community hospital in northern Toronto , and I got a man from 25 years with a pain in his throat .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I looked into her throat , I was a little bit loud .
He sent him penicillin and sent him home .
But while he was headed to the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my head guard , my boss asked to talk to me walking in his office .
And he gave the three words : Do you remember you ?
Do you remember the patient who saw her pain in the throat ?
Well he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
It had a potentially deadly condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , it 's not your throat , but it 's going to be the top air 's going on , and that can cause the close of those tracks .
He , fortunately , he did n't die .
And it managed to get the antibiotics around , and it recovered in the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then I went back and went back to work , until again , again , and again .
Two times in the same emergency turn , we do n't find appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because it was taken to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't have them sent them home and I do n't think it was a carelessness .
One of them thought he had a kidney calculation .
Order is an ad shot , but it turned out normal , and a colleague who was checking the patient who was checking the patient , perceived to the bottom right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I took liquid order to <unk> , and I asked my colleague that I 'll take a look .
I looked at it , and when I noticed some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant , I called the surgeon .
Both were operated and spontaneously recovered .
But every case , I devoured .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant people have been over the last five years .
It 's just embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't release and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the decision that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do you show them this to do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I dive into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , at a party , you 'll hear about the errors of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talk about their own mistakes .
And if I knew , and my colleagues also , that a <unk> in my hospital was holding the wrong leg , believe me that he would have difficulty looking at the eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system where there are two positions : the ones that make mistakes and those who do n't -- those who ca n't sleep , and the ones that have very bad outcomes and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , like antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes , we will get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've made a personal study of bad medical care and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article I wrote to the Toronto , to my show : `` White White , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that errors are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where the mistakes happen every single day , where one in 10 drug drugs are wrong , or <unk> is not right . In a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly increasingly , and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24 Canadian deaths by <unk> medical mistakes .
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not getting the problem as we should .
And so there are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is all about every two or three years , and we 're not going to help us .
sleep deprivation is filled up everything .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and it 's filled with <unk> eyes and breath to alcohol , and all of a sudden my story will be proud of contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always like it .
And my patients are not cars . They do n't get their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , the mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professionals likely to error , well , no one 's left .
What do people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` <unk> white , black , '' is a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would tell you all , from the ambulance room to the head of heart surgery , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah blah , blah , blah , `` What are your mistakes ? ''
And then your students will come up with , <unk> , will go down the head and jump saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> power to say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The doctor redefined human is human , you know human , you accept it , and it 's not proud of your mistakes , but it tries to learn about what 's happened to teach others .
Let 's get their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
It would make the mistakes of other people not with the intention of getting them , but a loving way and support so that everyone will benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes every time .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a Kenyan doctor .
I 'm human , make mistakes mistakes .
And I feel a lot , but I 'm going to effort to learn something that can transmit to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that says to choose an American American , are about 70 a day .
It does n't do a lot , in research followed for a week to a group of companies .
The researchers recorded the different tasks of these CEOs and the time that we 're going to make decisions related to those tasks .
They found that , on average , <unk> <unk> works a week .
Naturally , every job included lots and lots of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of your time .
Now think of their choices .
You know how many of them belong to the <unk> category , and how many of an hour ?
How does it evaluate the way that drives those decisions ?
I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice at the overload of options .
I want to talk about the problem and about possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand only if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when I ask a question , if your answer is positive please make a pat .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem of the options .
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , I 'll give you this very , very high supermarket ; at least in that time , it was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were just 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water , and this was when we were taking water on the tap .
I loved to go to that store , but on one occasion , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had over 75 different classes , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from <unk> trees .
I once decided to visit the manager and I asked him , `` It works well this strategy of offering all these choices ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists who came every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hallway .
They had <unk> classes .
You put a post to <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
We put it there by six flavors , or 24 different flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what 's the case people were willing to stop testing the <unk> ?
More people stopped when it was 24 ; 60 percent , that when it was only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a jar of <unk> .
Here 's the opposite effect .
Of those who stopped when it was 24 , only three percent of them got to buy <unk> .
From those who stood up when there was six , we saw that 30 percent bought <unk> .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy <unk> if they found six .
Well , let 's decide that we do n't buy <unk> , we probably want to do it , you know , you 're good at conserving <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of options ' overload are affecting us in momentous decisions .
We decided to do n't decide , even though this is not going to be broken .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to tell you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we observed the decisions about savings for about a million Americans , from about 650 plans in this country .
And we were interested to see whether the number of funding are available in savings policy plans for retirement , 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that actually there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans to come from two to 59 choices .
We found that the bigger the number of funding used to be a lot less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that in the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as tall as they would like .
And in the plans that they offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation goes down to percentile .
It turns out that even if you decide to participate , when there 's more choices , even in that case , there 's negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger the number of choices , more people will be inspired by preventing stocks or investment funds .
In terms of more options , they were more willing to invest in financial accounts .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we 're trying to optimize to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , that we 're going to get it even when it goes against self-interest .
It 's more likely to take the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less satisfying , even though they 're objectively going better .
The main reason is that we enjoy looking at that variety of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and <unk> , but we 're not capable of doing the calculations to compare , contrast and choice of that amazing exhibition .
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so you can test them in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it has never been more true than today , which is less than today .
People are always upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
You care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut , get rid of you redundant options , there will be an increase in sales , we 're going to get the costs , there will be better experience in choice .
When I was <unk> & Gamble 's country from 26 different types of Head to 15 , you saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the Cat Golden corporation broke the products to drink from cats that less sold , the profit is increased at 87 percent , for two causes -- largest sales and less cost .
You know , supermarkets today , on average , it provides 45,000 products .
In a grocery store 's shop , it 's about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest store in the world today is <unk> , and it offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think that one of the best examples that have come out of how to handle the choices is the question of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All of the Harvard employees are automatically treated to a certain of life insurance .
They really want to pick up , they 're offered 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that there are among those choices .
And if your employees ca n't tell the difference , you ca n't do their clients . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a holiday with everything paid the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read and then I want you to give you a applause if you 're ready to take a round of Gary .
( Few claps ) Okay . Anyone who 's ready to accept the offer .
Is n't they more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I actually got to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information in the first round , that in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought that the second time was more real .
Because the images made it look more real .
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the options .
For people to understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each option , and that the consequences must feel very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit , that when it uses cash ?
Because it does n't seem real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> who worked on <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were brought into a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we save exactly how it was used , we made a small addition .
And what we added was we appeal to the staff to think about the positive things that were <unk> in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent and an increase in how much they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts , four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than choices .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in supermarkets , <unk> 's along the northeast row , the magazines of magazines can contain from <unk> different kinds of different types .
But you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell them .
These are two displays of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you click .
( Few claps ) Well , there are some .
If you think that the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , you click .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This rating scheme is completely useless .
categories must indicate something that you choose , not when it defines them .
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funds .
supposedly , who are you informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think about , if only a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; it buys a car .
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allows completely completely .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these vary decisions vary in the number of choices that offer each .
<unk> , <unk> color . I have 56 possibilities .
engine , changes of changes , four options .
What I 'm going to do is change the order that decisions make .
So half of the customers are going to go from many choices , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , to 56 colors , many choices .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you 're going through the default button in any decision `` every decision '' button , this tells you that you 're overwhelmed , or it is : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from many choices at a few , put the default button over and over again , and another one .
We lose them .
If you go from many choices to many , you keep there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to choose .
Now , if you pick the box of change , I do n't say anything about the preferences of the inner interior , in all ways , you make it for choice .
And we 're excited about a product that we 're building now is more engaged with the process .
So to sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of choice ' overload : <unk> , bizarre alternatives ; we 're going to make it real , to make it real ; we can handle more categories with less options ; we can make complexity .
All of these techniques that I 've presented them were designed to help manage the alternatives ; or better , for you to use them in their issues , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful the choice .
And the more careful we are in our choices better , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the '80s , in communist East Germany , if you had a writing machine , I had to <unk> the government .
I had to register a piece of text for the machine .
And so the government could track the origin of the text .
If they found the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't imagine that someone could do this , how much this is going to make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturer and print a page , that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on each page of the page that makes them own one and their printer 's own printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to do a lot about this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems on the network .
If you look at what happens in the online world , we can set up the attacks according to your attackers .
There are three main groups .
They 're the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. absorbs from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
Your smartphone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to earn a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really many cases of millionaires online , billionaires , who would make money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys are doing their fortunes online , but they 're doing it by illegal media through banking floor to steal the money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in a infected computer .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this gentleman , Sam Jain , and this account was <unk> million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain ! You know , your stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is a victim of a crime than a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong in worse .
In the future , most of the crimes happen online .
The second group of Architecture that we 're looking at today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves , and motivate them the protests , they motivate them to motivate them , motivate the laughter .
Now , groups like Anonymous have <unk> over the last 12 months occupying a major role in online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who do it for money , the <unk> like Anonymous who make it for protest and the last group are the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is a <unk> authority from the Netherlands , or , actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall of the last fall because of a <unk> .
They would take the safety of the site and carried out a <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives , I asked one of the leaders if we were able to pay death from people because of the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how does people die from an attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certificates serve ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except to intercept an foreign international authority .
And we made certified certificates .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt , the protesters were identified by the headquarters for the Dutch secret police based on April , 2011 , and during Eastern Kabul , they found many papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the citizens of the country .
He had sold this tool for 400,000 euros the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
I mean , Western governments provide them tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments are doing this to themselves .
For example , in Germany , only a couple of weeks ago found the <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspect in a criminal case , well , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
They even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to the online discussions , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but I do n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's actually about privacy .
Privacy is not arguing .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , any of the right that <unk> today , will be forever .
Are we blindly blindly going to go into any future government , in an administration that we could have within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have worried about the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind the cows , the Nairobi National Park .
The National Park Park does n't have fences in most of the South , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate out of the park .
And predators like lions , they follow them , and this is what they do .
Let 's get our livestock .
This is one that they killed at night , and as soon as we got up in the morning , and we found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came out of the sky with our animals and the entire land for <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up hate a lot of lions .
They were dying of warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're really upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi .
I think that there are so few of the National Park in Nairobi .
A child in my community , six to nine years , is responsible for the livestock of his father , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought that male lions were scared .
But I realized that actually this did n't work , because even he helped male lions see the pen back .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
He was trying to trick the lions so they believed that he was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came up with the first day , and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So , and they killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and the lions did n't come .
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch that I 'll turn on and turn the lights off .
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery , and the battery will increase the electricity into the small <unk> box .
And the <unk> box makes the lights off .
As you can see , the <unk> give out , because that 's where the lions come from .
And this is how you see the lions when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> the lions so you think I 'm walking around the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never went back to having trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood houses you heard the idea .
One is from this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , male lions and asked me if he could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them . You can see the bottom line , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used by all Kenya , to scare other predators as hyenas , leopards , and it 's also using for Nike elephant elephants .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school now is helping to raise fundraising and <unk> .
It even led my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them in .
So , a year ago , it was just a child in the integrity of the savanna up the cows of my father , and I used to see airplanes to fly , and I was saying that someday I would be inside one .
And today I am .
I took the opportunity to come in an airplane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer from aviation and a pilot when it grows .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture what exciting is to listen to a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA : An electrical fence ?
<unk> : I know they already invented electric fences , but I want to do mine .
CA : So I 'm going to do it once , right ? And you -- and you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : The cannon foot . Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to <unk> them in every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was small , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` Do nothing . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we would spend all the time studying Kim <unk> , but we never learned much about the rest of the world , except for America , South Korea , Japan is the enemies .
Though I sometimes wondered about the rest of the world , I thought I 'd spend my entire life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That said , `` When I 'm going to get this , the five members of the family will stop being in this world , because we have n't eaten in two weeks past .
We are <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
I was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
As long as I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A homeless woman was dead on the street , holding a child <unk> in his arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them , because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine ranging from North Korea in North Korea .
In the end , over a million North Koreans were killed during famine and only few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more frequently , the energy cuts , all around me was completely in the dark at night except for the sea lights in China , barely across the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and not .
This is a satellite photo of North Korea at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which is <unk> between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow in certain points , allowing North Koreans in secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought that I would be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years back to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like refugee <unk> .
But I soon learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but also dangerous , because the refugees North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible destination back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare was made , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> me in the police station .
Somebody had been accused of being <unk> , then I was making my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to exploit .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and said the questions .
At the end of the interrogation an official told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But many of them can be arrested by the Chinese police and deported .
These women were very lucky .
Even though they had captured them , they eventually released after a harsh high international pressure .
These North Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , North Koreans are caught in China and deported to North Korea , where they 're tortured , incarcerated or executed in public .
Although I was lucky to escape , many other North Koreans have been so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard to survive .
Even after learning a new language and finding work , all of the world can be made in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I was hoping for .
The English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a big divide between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but within , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly , there was n't a country that I could call with my pride .
Even though he <unk> life in South Korea was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the university exam .
Just when I was starting to bring him up to my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korea authorities had some money that sent my family , and , as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to a location outside .
They had to flee immediately .
I began to plan how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So , ironically , I took a flight to China and walked into the border with North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to guide them , in some ways , over 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost trapped several times .
Once , our bus was stopped and tackled by a Chinese police officer .
He asked everybody 's identification , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came up to my family , I kept standing in my feet , and I told him that they were <unk> people who was accompanying .
He looked at me <unk> , but fortunately I believed me .
We did all the way to the border of Laos .
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border border in Laos .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But in time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Laos .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything for free to my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison at short distance from the South Korea embassy .
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or speeding tickets .
I lost hope .
At that point , or the voice of a man , `` What is the problem ? ''
I was so amazed that a stranger would care about asking .
With my poor English , and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM , and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other North Koreans and take them out of prison .
I kept him with all my heart , and I said , `` Why do I help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind of stranger will make a new hope for me and for the village , the more we needed it .
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the people who need to need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But achieve your freedom is just half of the battle .
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families , and when they go back to a new country , they start with little or nothing of money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , practice of English , labor practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because many of us are still in contact with familiar with relatives still , and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans for an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and North Koreans are going to get around the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Central .
This is South <unk> : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the planners of the city got together and thought , we 're going to change the South Southern Center to represent something else , so they changed the South Los Angeles , as if this is going to be wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles South : <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Like <unk> millions of other Americans , I live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , home of food places to take and eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the food places to get killed more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable illness in Los Angeles Central Center .
For example , the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than , let 's say , Beverly Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you come out of home see the bad effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see chairs from wheels and sold as the cars that are used .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
I was also tired of driving 45 minutes back and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , was we plant a food forest in front of my house .
In a <unk> that we call a gardening .
It 's 45 me x 3 .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me in wins , because it 's my responsibility , and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and me , L.A. Green <unk> , we put us together , and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , the nine complete vegetables .
What we do , we 're sort of a paid group for gardeners of all the backgrounds , from all the city and completely voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city sat on me , and in short , they gave me a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> was made warrant .
And I was like , `` Come on , really ?
Now , an order for planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' And so I was like , `` Well , <unk> . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the written story written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the <unk> members of Green <unk> , who put a petition in Change.org , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say they were supporting and loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why not ?
L.A. is the United States of the United States with more <unk> land .
It 's about 68 miles of <unk> terrain .
That 's equivalent to 20 Central Parks .
That 's space enough to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on Earth do n't you look like this ?
It <unk> a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of a result .
It 's my anthem , when I tell people , farm your own food .
Your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Central .
I grew up there . I got my kids out there .
I 'm going to become part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grow my art .
Such a graffiti artist , which <unk> walls , I <unk> soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do . If you leave your canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became an education tool , of transformation in my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects the guys .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , that came a mother and his daughter , they were like the 10:30 at night and were in my garden , I went out and saw very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't people go to steal your food ? ''
What I say , `` Oh God do n't , I 'm not afraid to go steal . ''
That 's what it is on the street .
That 's what it is about .
I want you to take it , but I want you to get your health care . ''
There was another time that I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant his mom and his grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
That 's how Green Green has come to plant 20 gardens .
We 've had , like about 50 people coming , work and participating , all in voluntary plan .
If the kids cultivate <unk> , the guys will eat <unk> .
If they grow tomatoes , they will eat tomatoes , but if none of this are taught , if they 're not taught how food affects the mind and the body , they eat blind things to put them in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're caught in . I see kids of color that are on this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids that are <unk> from their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the land , we will never do it .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant a whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffeehouse .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because it 's not sustainable .
The curious about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is putting people out , pull the kids out of the street , to know the joy and the pride and the honor of growing their own food , opening farmers markets .
What I want to do here , we have to do sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
What would you take your backhoe off ?
That 's your weapon of choice .
Instead , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , I do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come into the garden with your backhoe , so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
You probably will all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days like today , that it rains much .
They can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that we 're going to get .
And especially if you 're riding on your bicycle , these cars go , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a quiet road .
The solution for that is to make a road of asphalt asphalt .
<unk> asphalt , a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands , has pores , and water can move through it , so all of the rain flow flow sideways and have a road that it 's easy to drive , and they do n't hurt water .
Noise also disappear in the pores .
Because it 's very hollow , all the noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has a disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What is it going to get away ? You see that on this road , the surface rocks come out .
First of a stone , then several more and more and more and so on , and then -- and then -- and then -- I 'm not going to do that . But you can hurt your windshield , and you wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also take more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create potholes with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see the damage in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , like I said , so it only has a small amount of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the <unk> , to the UV , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if it will be <unk> , you 'll be able to break them up and separate from the <unk> .
So , if you drive through the road , you 're going to take the <unk> -- as we saw here .
In order to solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
So if we can make this material go down , then we will probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small pieces , and we can mix those little pieces with the <unk> .
So we 're asphalt with little bits of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like what you see here , you use them to cook -- a induction machine .
<unk> can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you have to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the stones will come back to the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great induction machine here onstage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , which is now going to pull out to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the laboratory to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 feet of the <unk> highway , where we had to make a lane test to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this road will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We take a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab .
We made the samples out , we put a lot of payload into them , then then then with our induction machine , and we ran them back and try it back .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using induction , actually , actually increase the lives of the road surface , they can even double the lives of the surface . It 's actually saving a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this also worked .
We still have the show here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , you have to cool first before I can show you how repairability acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up a morning with the <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening to the BBC News in his little gray radio .
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban went ! '' I screamed at my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I will never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban ran out of Afghanistan and made it illegal for girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I 'd become a child for me as a child to promote my older sister , who could no longer be alone , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could educate them .
Every day , we took a different route so that nobody could be suspicious where we were going .
We had to hide books in grocery bags so that it looks like we 're shopping .
School was in a house , over 100 of us tight in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely old in summer .
We all knew that we 're going to make our lives -- the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , the school was blown away from a week , because the school Taliban would be closed .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
They were following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was <unk> and daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time .
It 's a total <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> that his daughter , my mother , outside to school , and so his father would tell him .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , only to convert our home to girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first one of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a bigger risk not to educate her children .
For the years of the Taliban , I remember there were moments when I was very frustrated in our life , and I was always scared and I could n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we will .
So , do you still want to continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of the women of my age have more than high school , and if my family would n't have been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I find myself here to graduate up here to graduate at <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , which was <unk> from his home by the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to shout out .
He 's not just my college degree , but I was also the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , and I 'm driving on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for me .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador of <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
That 's why I cofounded <unk> , the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I look at their parents and their families that , like mine , <unk> for them , despite even in front of an daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his true name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter would go from his way from <unk> into his village , and literally she got rid of being killed by a bomb on the way , for minutes .
When you get to your house , you 're the phone , a voice noticed that if I kept sending her daughter to school , you would try it .
`` You know , if you want , '' he said , `` But it does n't hurt the future of my daughter for your old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've been aware of Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of those who <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter , and he sees that success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States .
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these changes would n't last long , after retirement from the U.S. troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at the students in my school and their parents who are inspired by them , that animate them , I see a <unk> future and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and endless possibilities , and every day , the girls ' girls ' girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
I never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> against him .
But you never come back a revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary . ''
It 's been nearly two years since the <unk> revolution was inspired by the surge of mass <unk> in both the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian .
A forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young young men <unk> were at the cutting edge , they 're pushing the regime of the regime , they carry banners of freedom , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown an courage to face the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the <unk> East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and a loss of about 50,000 dead people , we managed to liberate our country and remove the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of change .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
<unk> from the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted , together with a lot of other women , rebuild civil society <unk> , pushing an inclusive and just democracy and national reconciliation .
There were approximately 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya , and with a single enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops on the development of capabilities , and leadership skills .
With an incredible group of women , we started the <unk> of Women <unk> by Peace , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of the woman and the peace of participation equal to building democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period -- an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which will become the selfish , selfish policy of dominance and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was successful and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of Congress in the early elections in 52 years .
However , little bit of the elections and the revolution as a whole , they were disappearing ; every day , we found news of violence .
One day we wake up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi .
Another day <unk> with the murder of the American ambassador and the attack at <unk> .
Another day woke up with the news of the murder of the military .
And every day , every day we wake up with the militias of the militias and their full human rights violations of prisoners and their lack of respect .
Our society , made by a revolutionary mindset , became more , and it 's been away from the ideals and principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at first .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire you with our history of `` <unk> '' and elections .
Now I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we 're choosing the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did not brought peace , stability and security in Libya .
<unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought into peace and reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not only women , but the female values of compassion and mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than needed elections , which would just reinvent the polarization and divide .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female most who will need the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage , and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a feminine speech , which is not only <unk> , but also putting mercy in practice instead of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion instead of exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , shattered by war , needs desperately to reach the end of peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that deals with the interrelationship and the <unk> between female perspectives and male friendships .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a way to do it .
According to a <unk> of the Koran -- the peace -- `` is the word of God merciful , [ <unk> , compassionate ] . ''
At the same time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , it has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- uterus , <unk> the female and motherly , which spans the humanity that men and women have gone through .
And so , just like the uterus covers the embryo , that grows in , the divine matrix of compassion is all the existence .
This is what it is like , `` My mercy involves all things . ''
It 's like , `` My mercy is <unk> about my anger . ''
That all of us will tell you the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing answer .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the one that everybody does always always : Why is she ?
Why was he going to stay with a man who sticks ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , not social worker , not an expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just finished at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in the <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> Green Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , which I thought was my twin soul , he would go on my head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> <unk> .
The man , when I loved one in this world , put a gun in my head , and I 'll be able to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , a psychological trap , where every year millions of women fall , and even some men .
It could even be his story .
I do n't look like a typical family of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA at Harvard Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working for Fortune 500 , between Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been about 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three kids .
My dog is a black <unk> and I drive a <unk> <unk> <unk> .
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all the religions , all the income and education income .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse is only going on in intimate relationships , interdependent and short-term , or said otherwise , in families , the last place where we 'd want or expect to find violence -- which is why abuse domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who had a man who beat him , and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age .
He was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women of ages of 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the ages of other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , dating and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , his warning signals or his patterns .
I met <unk> in a cold and 10,000 night from January .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and he started <unk> with me .
He told me two things .
The first was that he had just had a <unk> of a <unk> university , and he was working on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that looked like a field kid .
He had about <unk> big as apples , and a fresh hair hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things that made <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate .
He did it especially at the beginning of a pedestal on a pedestal .
We started coming out and loved it all of me , which was ready , that I 'd gone to Harvard , who would put passion to help teenage girls and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
He believed in me as a writer and as a woman , as a woman , as a woman ever done .
And that was why I graduated from that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is becoming seduced and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I wanted to go from New York and leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together from Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling into a `` crazy love , '' which was moving into a physical , a physical , psychological trap , carefully prepared <unk> .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts to it .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where I was supposed to have to feel so safe it was bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another kept below the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said that he needed those guns to cause the trauma who lived small .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me and , although I had never raised my hand , my life was already seriously danger , every minute of every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning , and I still had <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my girlfriend 's wedding dress , and I married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we lived happily forever , because I loved him , and he also wanted me so much .
And I was very , very articulate .
It was just very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of making a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I would never hurt me .
I spent twice as much as our honey moon .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so strong in my head that I 'd come up with several times against the window of the car .
And then a couple of days later , driving back from our moon of honey , went down on the traffic and threw me a Big Mac cold Mac .
<unk> kept one or twice a week for the next two years of our marriage .
I was telling me when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is the victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had a very good company .
To go back to my question : Why did I stay ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
Instead , I was a very strong woman , in love with a <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world that could help address his demons .
The other question that everybody is doing is , why are n't it going on ?
Why did n't I stay ? I could have been at any time .
For me , this is the saddest and painful question that people do , because we were victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in domestic violence occur after the victim has been ending up to the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has become married , <unk> of financial resources , and manipulation of the family judicial system to give them to the victim and their children , which are usually forced by judges to spend time not to <unk> the man .
And we still continue to ask why it 's simply not going to go ?
And I was able to go , because of one last beat beat that beat my denial .
I realized that the man I loved so much , would have killed if he had allowed .
So I broke the silence .
I told the whole world to the police , and my neighbors , my friends and family , full unknown , and I 'm here today because all of you have helped me .
We have the tendency to overcome victims as spooky headlines , <unk> women , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
And for some people , it 's a way to say , `` guilt is yours to stay , '' as if the victims are <unk> fall in love with men who want to destroy us .
But since I posted `` Love Love '' , I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a role lesson from what happened to them , and that we would promote their lives of joyful and happy lives like employed , wives and mothers , completely free of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic drug .
I turned to marry a cute , nice man , and we have those three children .
I have that black <unk> , and also that <unk> .
What I 'm not going to do again , ever , is a <unk> gun pointing to my head in the hands of somebody who says he wants me .
Right now , as you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , how silly was it ! '' -- but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
And I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now , who are being abused or that they were small , or they are <unk> themselves .
The abuse might be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to end my crazy love love breaking the silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse of abuse only in silence .
They have the power of ending domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims need everyone .
We need each of you understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light by talking about it with your kids , their coworkers , their friends and family .
It <unk> your vision of survivors as fantastic and charming people , who have a full future .
It <unk> the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down its climb and show the victims of a safe way .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hello . My name is Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be accurate , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now there 's an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have dressed in this way , and luckily , I 've brought it clothes to change .
This is the first place of clothing on a TED stage ; so you 're very lucky to <unk> , I think .
If some of the women were horrified when I discovered , they do n't have to tell me now , but I 'll figure out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable ; less bad I do n't have to use .
The worst part is going to go through this sweater , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything as you cover your head .
All right .
Why did I do this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but it 's also superficial .
I 've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
I was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer was telling me that I would raise my back and <unk> the hair of the boy .
Of course , except with surgery , or an artificial tan , like the one I made two days ago for work , there 's very little that we could do to transform our aspect , which , although superficial and unchanging and <unk> , it has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a beautiful , white woman , and in my work sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people have always done me , but deeply .
The first question is , how do you be model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> found me , but that does n't mean anything . ''
The real reason I 've made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm a shortage of a heritage , and you may be wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty as a health , youth and symmetry , which we 're biologically programmed to admire , we also associate it at a high and <unk> shape , <unk> and white skin .
And that 's my inheritance , and that 's my heritage that I 've known to use to make money .
And I know that there are people in the audience who now shows a little bit skeptical , and maybe there 's some <unk> people who say -- wait . There you are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Uncle Wn .
First of all , I 'll get them to know as much models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student at NYU in New York told each and every single models on the runway , and of the former hired models , just 27 , that is , less than four percent , they were not white .
The next question that people are always doing is : Could it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't care about that .
But then what I would really tell you to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a <unk> <unk> surgeon , which would be amazing , because you would be the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , `` Oh my boss . ''
Because I 'm not in charge of nothing , and you could be the head of studying the American American magazine or the executive director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say you want to be a model , you want to say you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike surgical surgery , it can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've finished your studies , and you have a rsum , and you have a couple of jobs on your back , no matter what you say , that is , if you said you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say , `` Model of underwear for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people always do is if all of the photos will come up .
And yes , it 's pretty much like all the pictures , but that 's just a small part of what happens .
This was the first picture that took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal terrain , but it was a little girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
So here I 'm at a pajama party a few days before the photos for French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They 're creations from a group of professionals , hairdressers , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> and <unk> people , and they get this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is , do we do free things ?
I 've got too many feet tall than I 've ever ever use , except for the previous couple , but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver , and he got a red light on red , and , of course , they stood up , and it took a sorry , an agent so I could keep driving .
I love these privilege that I look like , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying a price for what they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of the teenagers who were stopped and <unk> , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there 's only <unk> young black , Latino young people in New York , so for them , is n't a question of <unk> ?
It 's how many times me ? And when ?
When I do research for this talk , I found out that 53 percent of young girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure goes up to 78 percent to 17 .
So the last question that people do is , `` How is the life of a model ? ''
And I think the answer that you 're expecting is , if you 're a little thinner , and you have the brightest hair , you 're very happy and great .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like it .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative people , resourceful and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what we never say before the cameras , what I 've never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my appearance every day .
And if you ever ask them , `` With some thinner legs and hair 's brighter hair , will be happier ?
They just have to come together with a bunch of models , because they have the lowest legs , the brightest hair and the clothing to fashion , but they 're probably physically <unk> on the planet .
But especially it was hard to look at a situation of racial oppression and gender when I 'm one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something that retain this talk , I hope that everybody is more comfortable to recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was getting older enough to hold a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures , and I was n't me who pulled them out .
There were no artistic directors , or <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum care on the lighting .
In fact , most of them were taken random tourists .
My story begins when , meeting in New York City to give a <unk> , my wife dragged me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That 's the corner at 57 and five .
He took the chance that we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said to me , why do n't you bring you to <unk> New York on a <unk> journey and you continue the ritual ?
Here 's when we started asking the tourists that they were going through the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
Never anybody has ever been denied , and , fortunately , no one has no one who 's got a camera .
So we were n't aware of how much of our life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is a few weeks after the <unk> and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day as a five-year-old , I could understand him .
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey .
They 're also a way to stop time in October week and to think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not only at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , even though we always took the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see the life through his eyes and how it feels and interact with everything .
That time in concrete that we spent together is something that we expect with illusion all year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking , when suddenly , he stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls I loved on small visits .
And he described what made sense of the age of five in that same place .
<unk> that he remembered their heart by being able to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what I look at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And I suddenly understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of engaging in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know , but apart from these 15 photos , I do n't go out in many of the family photos .
I am always the one that gets off the picture .
I want to encourage you all to come up in the photo , and you do n't get to get closer to somebody and ask them , do we get a picture ?
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
The rabbits are in the most threatened bird .
First of all , why do you have so bad press ?
It 's also associated with Disney laughter as a <unk> , silly , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that they associate with <unk> Parliament . But I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because the members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean , <unk> are not helping prevent the spread of diseases .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're away from extinct . And , my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits in the New World City that are primarily found in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the rabbits of the Old World , where we have 16 species .
So why are rabbits important ? First of all , they provide ecological ecological services .
It 's our gatherers of natural trash .
<unk> the bodies to the bone .
They help kill all the bacteria . They help to absorb anthrax that would not be applied , and they would have huge losses of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no rabbits , the bodies take three to four times longer in broken , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of diseases .
<unk> also have tremendous historical importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity unit , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Stop and down Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and he risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
In <unk> culture , they 're doing very important burials to open sky , in places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a natural disposal system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , of which six are in extreme extinction .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there 's conflicts between humans and wildlife . Local communities use this poison against predators , and as a result , rabbits are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are on the critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it 's <unk> , and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with a drug <unk> like the <unk> .
This drug has been banned by using veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Given that there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on the street in landfill , and when you have dogs in the street , you have a huge amount of time for anger , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be top of Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> .
In West Africa , there 's a horrible trading trade to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what is it doing ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so it 's going to focus on a locally problem .
We have to work with governments at the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell them we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and they 'll get their time to spread the word . <unk> the word .
When you get out of this room , you 're reporting about rabbits , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed because he saw him fly without effort , without energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I do and everything that I do professionally , my life -- has been <unk> for seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 , until 1977 , I was young , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa , I failed .
And I was disturbed .
I thought , at the age of 21 , that Italians were good people , and we were doing a good job in Africa .
Instead , everything that we played with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where I 'm a Italians and we decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we get there with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the <unk> River , and we teach local tomatoes growing Italian and <unk> tomatoes .
Of course , the people were n't at all interested in doing that , so they would encourage them to come to work , and sometimes they did n't come to them . We were amazed that the local , in so fertile valley , had n't had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it might be possible that we were n't going to find anything , we just said , `` Thank God we are here . ''
And of course , everything in Africa was beautifully grown .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow up this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , at night , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything , and we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You did n't ask . ''
I thought we were only Italians making mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans did , what the English did , what the French did , what the French did , and after seeing what they were doing , I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
We 're going to see the waste of the waste -- let 's see the waste that we 're telling them to <unk> people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` Enough dead , '' from <unk> <unk> , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , we , Western donors , we 've given the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about harm that money has caused .
Just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are <unk> , Mormon missionaries , and we treat people just in two ways , or we 're sponsoring them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin , Latin , '' which means `` father . ''
Yet , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I treat any one of a different culture like my kids , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if I was my servants .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> . ''
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the guy who opened this conference put a stick on the floor and said , `` Can we -- you can -- you can imagine a city that is not <unk> ? ''
I decided to be 27 years old , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you 're never starting anything , you 've never driven anybody , but becomes a servant of the local passion , the servant of the local people who have the dream to become a better person .
So what do you do ? It 's <unk> .
It does n't get into a community , and you sit with the people 's people .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a cafe . We got together in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give somebody an idea .
If that person does n't want to do that , what are you going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that that man has for their own personal growth is the most important thing .
And then we help them find knowledge , because nobody in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting into a community to tell people what to do , why do n't we , for once , we heard them ? But not in community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never sacrifice , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they 've identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't even do the public meetings .
What do we do ? We work one , and we work face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor in the company , the business physician , which is set up with you in your house , at the table of your kitchen , in the coffee table , and that helps to find the resources to transform their passion in a way of living life .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to get away from this condescending garbage where we got to tell them what to do .
In a year , I had 27 projects going on , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can it do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I was like , I heard them . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped to start 40,000 businesses .
There 's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away from '96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before getting involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> says : `` planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company . ''
The planning is the kiss of death of corporate spirit .
So now , we 're now <unk> rebuilding reconstructing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come to talk with you .
You have to offer yourself to you , privacy , it has to be fantastic to help you , and then let them go into mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you talk about this morning ?
People who are passionate about . That 's what you 've gone .
So , what I tell you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution <unk> fossil manufacturing , manufacturing -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we behave , heal , educate , we transport , we communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent technology for the green revolution ? universities ? Forget it !
The government ? Forget it !
They will be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that was in a magazine many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year .
And in the year old year , he gathered this group of people , and I was thinking about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist in 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out , if the population is held to this rate , to move to the population of New York around , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already stuck in dung . And so , in comparison , they were <unk> this dirty technology to <unk> the life of New York .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> manufacturing companies , <unk> manufacturers .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> , factories in <unk> places .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
However , there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer me love .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to talk with you .
Then , you have to offer you one , dedicated , <unk> service .
And then , later , you 'll have to tell you the truth with it .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have a fantastic marketing , and you have to have a fantastic financial administration .
You know what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that I can do , sell and search for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at the hundred and looked at the 100 <unk> of the Carnegie , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There is only one thing that all the successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of it was started by one person .
Never the word `` me , '' but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody starts a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment , sitting in bars with their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone did for you , what someone did for you , what does it need ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh no , I ca n't do that . '' `` I 'd like to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
The people around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange much knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door in a bad time ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape ?
How do we share more our hopes for empty shops so that our communities can reflect our own needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> of lovers , <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city town .
It 's always supporting the music . There 's a parade in New Orleans , and the city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the most pristine properties of the United States .
I live around this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
Their death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this led to me a deep gratitude for the time that I lived in .
It got clarity about the significant things of my life today .
But let 's try to keep this look in my everyday life .
I think it 's easy to be able to catch up per day and forget the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this neglected house on a giant board , and he painted on it , `` Before I die , I want ... ''
So the investors could take a chalk , think about their lives and sharing personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled , and still <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before I want to plant a tree . ''
He said , `` Before I want to live outside the network . ''
He said , `` Before I want to get more again . ''
`` Before I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
He said , `` Before I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and the hopes of people made me laugh , <unk> , and they gave me comfort in hard times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about supporting reflection and contemplation , and of remembering what 's most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in civic center we did a kit , and now have been walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
We proved the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of distraction , it 's more important than ever , finding ways to conserve perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death to be one of those things that will become more power .
If you think about death , we 're going to think of our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better than us as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hopes and fears and stories , the people around us ca n't only help better places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 and very handsome .
It does n't talk , but it brings joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
With shared share is what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color color .
It does n't care about the religious differences and notice this : never lied .
When I sing songs from our childhood , trying to tell the words that I did n't even find myself , I remember one thing -- how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel has 16 years old . It 's very handsome .
It has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's an selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it remembers the year when each of the songs of my iPod , conversations that we had when I was four years old , pee in my arm during the first episode of <unk> and the Lady Gaga Gaga birthday .
Does n't it look like it ?
But most people do n't agree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit the concept of normal society , they are often ignored and <unk> .
But what it propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although I would n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those of the less familiar with the term `` autism , '' is a brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes the physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there that will be so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , you have been diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the disorders of development that fastest increases in the world , there is no cause or cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was just three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new self in my life .
When a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
<unk> a lot .
I did n't want to play like the other babies and , in fact , did n't look very interested in me at all .
He was living in living in his own world , with his own rules , and I was pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in the line around the room , staring at the washing machine and eat anything that was among them .
As it was growing , it became more different , and the differences became more apparent .
But beyond I woke up , the frustration and earned hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent , innocent nature , a child who saw the world without prejudice , a human being I 'd never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some of the hard moments in my family , moments where I would have wanted that they were just like me .
But I look back to the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that would n't want to change by normal .
That 's how much of the beauty that gives us differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that some of us are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could reach out one thing to <unk> and Sam and you would have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because autistic or no , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Each of us has a gift in your interior , and honestly , the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change dies in the moment that we 're trying to be like others .
Please -- do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit that must have been Alice in Country Park .
Penn State teacher asked me to me , a communications teacher , to give some communication to engineering students .
I was scared . It was really scared . It 's going to come out of these students with their great minds , their great books and their large , unknown words .
But when they developed those conversations , I felt what Alice must have felt like when she fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
I just felt like I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world as well .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to health care and health care , among others , and if we do n't know that , work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these great conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> them .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and that your engineering is attractive .
First question to <unk> , and then what ?
It 's why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us that they 're studying the <unk> , but study <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when they 're describing their science , care with jargon .
<unk> is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary , '' but why do n't you say `` space and time '' that 's much more accessible to us ?
<unk> <unk> is not the same as making them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without sharing ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , and they are ways of hooked , and it <unk> with their content .
And when I present your work , forget about the bullet signs .
And you 've been asked why they 're called `` bullets '' ? What do bullets do ? bullets kill , and kill their presentation .
A <unk> like this is not just boring , but that is supporting too much in the language of our brain and engulfs .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the <unk> is so strong that I really inspired the only design of the Eiffel Tower .
So the trick here is to use a simple , legible sentence , that the public can understand if you lose a little , and then let 's provide graphs that we 're going to reach our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what 's described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help each other open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all of the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words of the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Simply because it sounds very good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` political dishonest . ''
Although there was an <unk> editor of the 19th century that defined it a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that you 're looking for a public office without any matter of it , platform or principle , and that , when you win , it does it by mere use of an monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to attempt to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament enabled newspapers to quote the exact words that were said on the parliamentary chamber .
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the freaky name of <unk> <unk> , who faced Parliament .
He was thrown in the Tower Tower , and he was incarcerated , but he had the courage to deal with them , and the end had such a popular support in London that I won .
And just a few years later , we had the first use record of the phrase `` ace <unk> <unk> . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's because of an advocate of freedom of speech .
But to show you really how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , their leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was discussed in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that they could have done .
Some of you wanted to call it `` chief State chief , '' and others , `` Your <unk> George Washington , '' and others `` <unk> from the U.S. People ' People . Washington . ''
Not very appealing .
Some people just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was <unk> quality .
And not even with it was <unk> , they had the idea that you could be chosen King for a given term .
And he could have served it .
Everybody got immensely , because this debate was going on for three weeks .
I read the daily <unk> newspaper , and I always wrote , `` Still with this issue . ''
Which caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King , if he 's got him , or his successor to him .
So , they wanted to give him the most modest title , more meaningless and unfortunate title that came up with them .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . It exists before , but it just meant , `` somebody who 's got a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There were <unk> presidents of small colonial <unk> and fractions , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate gets stuck .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreigners . ''
`` And who will take a serious title with an insignificant and insignificant title like President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't break .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite to where I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been surprised by President President .
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible to keep waiting for <unk> years .
But the third thing that we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President President of America does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear warheads available to the world , the largest economy of the world and a fleet of UAVs and so on .
The reality , and the story has laced the title of <unk> .
So the Senate won .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness -- well , it was a uniqueness then .
But , you know , how many nations have President ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on .
So , at the end of the Senate , the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because nobody 's going to feel humble when you tell them that they are now President of the United States .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and what I 'd like to leave you with .
Politicians try to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but actually , reality changes a lot more words than what these might change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 to meters underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is <unk> and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices who speak , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones and stones with primitive tools .
Like each other , I 'm wearing a <unk> of light attached to my head with this rubber rubber , and I can hardly see the branches that hold the walls of that hole in that one meter that drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
My hand was shaking , and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and dropped countless feet in that well .
While I 'm talking to you today , these men are deep at that hole at the risk of their lives without paying or reward , and often dying .
I went home , but they may never do it , because they 're confined to slavery .
In the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> in the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there , I met one section of <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that is involved to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and really , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was the world in the world but not as a degree .
When we finished talking , I felt very bad -- honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this terrible of our days and I thought , `` If I do n't know , how many people do n't know ? ''
He got a knot , and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the conductor of <unk> the <unk> and offer my help .
It started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I 'd already been in many of these sites .
Some of them , even as my second home .
But this time , I 'll lay out the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation is that there are currently over 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice the number of displaced Africans throughout the whole human <unk> .
150 years ago , the cost of a slave a farmer was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about $ 50,000 today .
However , today , you can resist entire families for generations for $ 18 dollars .
Amazingly , slavery generates profits from over 13 dollars a year across the world .
Many have been fooled with false education promises and better work to find out that they 're forced to work without paying , under threat threat , and they ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : existing goods produced by slaves , but those who produce them are disposable .
slavery exists in almost all the world , and yet , it 's illegal for everybody .
In India and Nepal , I met a brick furnaces .
This strange and formidable show was like entering ancient Egypt , or Dante 's hell .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , whole families wrapped up in a heavy overcoat filled in their heads , even 18 at the same time , and take them out of the hot furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
<unk> by monotony and tiredness work in silence , doing this task over and over again for 16 hours a day .
There was no pause to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make that pee quite inconsequential .
So they were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stop it .
Every 20 minutes , I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to <unk> , and sitting there , I thought , `` My camera receives a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was on my side , I quickly grabbed and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained to me very clearly that I demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me but for them .
I could n't offer any direct aid .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was not citizenship from that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to rely on the <unk> , and work inside the system for his release and trusted that he 's going to do it .
As much of me , I waited to get home to feel my broken heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids lugging stones over mountain land to trucks that were waiting down .
Those big cartoons were more heavy than the children who carried them , and the kids hold them into their heads with a homemade straps made of sticks , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to see something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some people do n't even know that they are slaves -- and they 're working 16 hours a day without <unk> because this has been that whole life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , the <unk> burned completely their homes .
By hearing the word slavery we often think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global consciousness , they warned me that it would be difficult for me to work safely in this particular business .
In Kathmandu , I found women who had previously been previously sex .
They took me on a bit of the stairs <unk> that they gave up to this dirty basement , naturally fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local prostitution for forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private , where the slaves are <unk> with their girls and children , some of them just seven years old -- they are forced to entertain the clients and they 're going to pay to buy more food and alcohol .
Each row is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients .
On the twilight zone , I remember making sense of an acute burning fear and , in that instant , I could barely imagine what it should be caught in that hell .
I just had an exit , the stairs where I walked in .
There was no back doors .
There was no big enough windows like climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a very hard topic , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens all around us .
There are hundreds of people in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves .
This is everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles are another activity that often relate to the labor of slave labor .
I went to Indian villages where whole families were going to go into the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The <unk> black hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of your children .
<unk> <unk> in these large barrels and <unk> silk in the liquid up to the elbows , but it 's toxic .
My performer told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
We said , `` We still expect , however , be able to get out of this house someday and go somewhere else where we really pay our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are over 4,000 children in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we came to , I went to a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen in a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , makes sense right ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their trafficked families , missing and forced to work extensive on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This kid is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , I was shivering ; it 's that his little canoe were <unk> .
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling water .
The branches of the trees are submerged in Lake Volta , often trap networks and children , <unk> and fear , are thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drown .
Since remember , it has always been forced to work on the lake .
By fear of his love is not going to run away , and , like all of life has been treated in cruelty , <unk> treating the younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five in the morning , when they woke up the last networks , but they 'd been working from the one .
In the cold and windy night .
And you can point out that these networks weigh over 400 kilos when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter where the <unk> <unk> <unk> victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes the possible thing .
Who will come to be because someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> by a road in Ghana with <unk> partners , a fellow <unk> with his two-wheeler suddenly accelerated and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to get it through a land path to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were trying to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then he pointed out this path just visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Come on . ''
As we began to go down , we took the <unk> out of the road , and after walking around about an hour , what we found that the path was made by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of photos over my head as I was able to put it in these waters to the chest .
After two hours on walk , the <unk> path ended up abruptly in a clear , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all filled with worker workers .
Many women had children tied to their backs , and they were looking for gold , they walked into mercury poison with mercury .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were <unk> in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells are up to 90 feet , and these people have heavy pockets of stone that then they will be transported to another area where they 're going to be able to extract the gold .
In the first sight , the site seems to be full of strong , <unk> men , but if we look closer at the way , we see the other less lucky ones , and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of tuberculosis and <unk> poisoning a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died his uncle , his uncle took him to work with him in mines .
By dying of his uncle , I was <unk> the uncle 's debt to be able to be a slave in mines .
When I met him , I had worked in the mines 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so serious that the doctors said it should be removed .
In addition to that , <unk> has tuberculosis , and yet it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Yet , he 's dreaming of being liberated and educated with local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we 'll be testimony to them and we 'll make everything possible to help change their lives .
I truly believe that if we can see ourselves about others as human beings , then it 's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These pictures are not magazines . They are people , real people , like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I do n't think about these many beautiful people , battered , who I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images wake up a force when you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that force turns to a fire and that that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do mathematical math , and there 's a peculiar problem for who he does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try to explain to you what I do .
dance is one of the most human activities .
We were <unk> the ballet dancers and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet is a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of skill and probably some initial fitness that can well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , destroy this extraordinary ability , like my friend <unk> <unk> that , in his time , it was a virtuous dancing dancer .
In the last few years , it 's made progress in treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we will know if there really exists a cure to be when we have an objective measure and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating for Parkinson 's and other disorders of the movement there is no biological markers , so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological exam for 20 minutes .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside the clinical trials , you never do . It 's never done .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a journey to the clinic , and what if patients could do the test themselves ?
It would n't need to be personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in a neurological clinic .
So , what I want to suggest to you as a regular way to try , you see , in a certain sense , we 're all <unk> like my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of vocal chords .
It shows somebody healthy as it emits sounds when we speak , we can imagine as dancers from a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes needed , for example .
And , like the ballet , it requires an extraordinary level of training .
Let 's think about time that takes a child to learn to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of vocal strings as vibrate as they 're affecting the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom trace you can see a irregular example of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
shake our weakness , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes quieter and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , both of them are <unk> .
<unk> test is not invasive ; they 're both using existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
Both of them are skillful . Well , but also <unk> tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as much .
They 're very minimal cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes a cost so low , it appears to scale .
These are some incredible lists to address .
We can reduce the problems of the patients .
You would n't have to go to the clinic for the clinic follow-up .
<unk> monitoring , we could get targets .
We could make massive <unk> for clinical trials for clinical trials and , for the first time , <unk> doable .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So when I 'm going to give you the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's Parkinson 's Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have local local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Anyone , with Parkinson 's or without Parkinson 's , can call low price and leave recordings for pennies . And I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , let 's say 10,000 people , will you say who 's healthy and who is n't ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yes , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . They may not end .
But we 're going to get a very large data sample in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances , it 's important because we 're looking for <unk> factors looking for the actual markers of the disease .
TR : Have 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it 's shown that it works in mobile telephony , also , what I 'm going to do is that we have a 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , audience .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , he made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures , gray .
We hide in the darkness , in without windows and , usually , we avoid sunlight .
We do the thin models , even thinner , the perfect skin , we make the impossible , possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste of images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where it was voluntary , there <unk> <unk> , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small <unk> village in the <unk> of nearly 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The level of water has reached over 24 feet tall and over three kilometers inside .
As you can imagine , the village was devastated .
We take rubble from the channels and the ditches .
They lost schools . We took the slime back , and we left the lists to be new and <unk> .
We took away tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , sterile from the local factory .
We were bored and loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers and neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and <unk> of photos and cameras and card cards .
They all did .
<unk> and drive them to different places of the villages around them .
It was n't until I realized that those photos represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a <unk> center of the village .
It helped to clean up the toilets between the big , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the <unk> center takes the photos .
That 's where I had the honor and I had the honor that that day was going to be able to clean up the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , and I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until we moved through my horizons that something happened .
When I looked at the photos , I found some that had more than a hundred years , some of them were still in the lab , could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and met hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went on Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , which I knew we had to try .
So we started to tweak the photos .
This was the first one of all .
And I was n't too spoiled it , but where the water had broken the face of the girl , I had to get up very precisely and it 's a lot of precision .
Otherwise , that little girl would not look like it , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture .
At the time of time , they were lucky enough , and they took more <unk> , so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries volunteered to help .
Within two weeks , he had 150 people to come out of joining .
In Japan , in July , we took it to <unk> , a village to the North <unk> .
Once a week , we use our scanner at night photographic libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it would take in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the photos of the photos .
She could mean an hour . She could make weeks .
She could make months .
This <unk> had to draw almost by hand using the areas whose color and detail the water had n't destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these photos submerged in saltwater , covered with algae , with algae , even with oil , all of that , and all of the time , I continue to <unk> , which is why he <unk> it was an important part of the project .
We could n't tweak the photo unless it was clean , dry and would have been beaten by his owner .
We were lucky enough to hand .
We have the guide of an remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to hurt even more the photos .
As I once said <unk> , the leader of my group is how to make a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures were kind of relationship to photos .
He had started <unk> himself , but he stopped by realizing that it would hurt even more .
It also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of their husband and their own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to do the images in a single picture and cents the whole photo .
When I picked up his pictures , they shared some of his story with us .
A few colleagues of her husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble , quite far from where they used to be their house , but their colleagues recognized .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
He had to go inside the water as the Sirens <unk> .
Their kids , not as small now , but their two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was trapped in the water .
He took a week to find his whole family and know that they all survived .
The day I handed her photos the youngest of my youngest son to be 14 .
For her , despite all this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could come back to look at , something that I could remember from the past that would n't have been tagged over the day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there , hundreds of them helped us to clean up with more than 135 photographs , the vast majority of them -- the vast majority of their owners went back to their owners .
More than 500 volunteers from the whole world helped us back to 90 families , totally <unk> and <unk> .
Over this time , we do n't really spend over $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of the ink for printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , somebody wanted .
They are <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing we would take , but the first thing that we would return to look for .
So this was about the project , to restore small pieces of humanity , to return to somebody else that was connection to the past .
When a picture like this comes back to someone , it 's an enormous difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the lives of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something larger , give back something , using their talent to something that are not thin skin models .
So I 'd just like to read this email , I 'd like to read this email , and I sent it back from Japan after six months .
While <unk> , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One particular one , a photo with women from different ages to the small girl , gathered around a baby , was moved , because I was a similar picture of my family my grandmother , my mother , me and my newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
In the whole world , in all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us wonder and curiosity with this photo of a bullet coming through an apple in an exhibition of only a billionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> , a new technique so fast that you can create videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can look at the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the inside of the body without using X-rays , and we really challenge the camera idea .
If I take a laser pointer and I turn it on and <unk> it in a <unk> of a second , or it is , in various <unk> to create a <unk> photons pack .
And that photons package , that <unk> , travel at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this <unk> package and fire <unk> in this bottle , how do you spread those photons into this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this happens in less than a <unk> is what it takes .
But this video is 10 billion times slower so that you can see light moving .
Coca-Cola is not <unk> this research . It 's a lot of things in this movie ; we 'll get this information to show what 's going on .
And the pulse , our bullet comes into the bottle with an photons package that starts to go through , and that , inside , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light arrives , goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally come to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel on the table , and because of the reflections of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , the insights are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common bullet and we make it run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion about 10 billion times , how much of you think it would take you to sit down to see that movie ?
One day ? One week ?
It would be a very boring film from a slow slowly .
And what about a test with dead nature ?
You can see the waves that are <unk> from the table , the tomato and the wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at the time , but of course our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this one again , this tomato will notice that , as the light takes over the tomato , it 's still bright . It does n't be <unk> .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces inside , and it comes back from several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , you 'll be able to go to the supermarket and check whether the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What did we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we took a picture of low exposure , it comes into very little light .
But we 're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest show , so I would just get some light .
We sent that bullet , that photons , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very cleverly , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all these raw data and make it interesting in an interesting way .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a future superhero would allow him to look at the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , and you 're going to get into the room , a part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple <unk> of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall is a mannequin and <unk> the light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature <unk> .
And a small fraction of photons will go back to the camera , but interestingly , in slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works so fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It 's very good time resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances to the door , and also to the hidden objects , but we do n't know what point corresponds to what a distance .
By projecting a laser , you can record a raw photograph , which , you see on the screen , really does n't make sense .
But we will take a lot of images like that , tens of images , we 're going to join and try and analyze the multiple light bounces , and with that , can we see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that <unk> collisions with what 's around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected through open windows .
Or we could build <unk> able to see the inside of the body , and I 'll be able to look at <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually an petition to scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new visualization mode to solve the problems of imaging in the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself , a scientist , became art in art , an art of photography .
I realized that all gigabytes of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific visualizations .
So to create a new form of computational photography with a slow motion code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , the time between each of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here 's something fun here .
If you look at the waves below the cover , these are leaving us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects , and Einstein would have loved seeing this image .
The order that the events occur in the world sometimes has invested in front of the camera .
We can see the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
That 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change your life , and gives you freedom freedom .
With a mobile phone , it can provide a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a cell phone , you can record a song , and it 's going to go and get famous .
This is all possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and I live in the city in Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting in search of a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered in search of a change , they had a mobile phone in your pocket .
Who 's got a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Hands up your cell phones , <unk> !
<unk> . An Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone .
But today I 'm going to talk about me , my cell phone , and how my life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
gross data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U . showed a directive .
The <unk> of <unk> .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every single Internet provider , all of Europe , has to store a broad range of information information .
Who calls who . Who is sending an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use your phone , where we are .
All of this information is stored by at least six months , and to two years , in their phone company or their Internet provider .
And throughout Europe , people stood and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this data retention .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone phone and the Internet providers stored all this information about us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out to the streets in Berlin , and they said , `` Freedom , fear . ''
And some of them even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of Eastern Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time I use your phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , which then was the largest telephone company in Germany , that please get me through all the information they had about me .
I asked once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're holding my life away .
So I decided to make a demand for a lawsuit because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we 're not going to give you this information .
At the end , we signed a agreement .
<unk> the demand , and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly about brown with a CD inside .
And on the CD , there was this .
Thirty and 5,000 <unk> <unk> of information .
At first I saw them and said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while I realized it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life on this archive .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I 'm at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to come out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , next to <unk> Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom in and go away , go backwards and forwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going from <unk> on the train , and how often I call it on the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That 's a little bit scary .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife , and she calls me a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called between them .
And then you call the other , and the other one , and we end up with this big communications network .
You can see how your people communicate to each other what time they call each other , which time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the form of your society , because you know who speaks to who , who gives you an email to who , and this is all possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at first , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
And the <unk> had known who participated in this protest , and if the <unk> had known who the leaders were , this would never have happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And as a result , neither of the <unk> <unk> .
Because today , state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible in and out of the web .
They want to have the ability to follow our lives , and they want to break them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you return home tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not outmoded .
When you go home , tell your representatives that only because companies and city agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store is .
So in the future , every time you use your cell phones that are going to take them to remember that you have to fight for your self-determination .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me the world .
I put my mom six times in six different directions , and I 'm going to get to the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to spend all the time .
Look .
It 's tiring . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad Al .
<unk> C. Not genetics .
It 's not <unk> ca n't contract .
No one <unk> my mother 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were brothers , even though they are .
It just happens by accidents , like the one that happened to birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not an inspiration source .
You feel bad for me , because at some point in life , you 've wanted to be disabled .
Go for a walk .
Christmas Christmas , you 're in the mall , drive into circles and what you see ?
It 's 16 empty places .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
Also , I 'm going to tell you , I have 99 problems , and Robert C. It 's just one of them .
There will be a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm Palestinian , Muslim , female , disabled , live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in `` You ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was : `` You can do it , you can do it , dancing <unk> . ''
If my three older sisters cleaned , I wiped .
If my three older sisters were going to public school , my parents will come into the school system , and they 'd become sure that I was also , and if we did n't take all the ultimate note , we all put the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk in five years putting my feet on his feet and just walking .
Another tactics that I used was to take a dollar in front of me so that it <unk> it .
The <unk> I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion who has received many taps .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city , and they were all of the family .
Now there are 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family , I think no one realized we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians thought appropriate to use `` hate Muslims '' as a campaign campaign .
The people that I grew up with had no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed like a lot that died of starvation during the <unk> .
I told them that he had enough fat to live three months without eating , so fast at dawn is very easy .
I danced it on Broadway .
Yeah , on Broadway . He 's crazy . My parents could n't pay the physical therapy , so I sent me to dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , so I can walk in heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends wear heels , I too .
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacations on the Jersey shore , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we wo n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we would get to Madonna .
On the summer vacation often my father was about <unk> , so I 'd drink milk from deer , put me warm cups on my back , <unk> me in the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> me and thought , `` It works . ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I must say that it 's very boring , but before doing yoga was a comedian 's comedian who could n't stand up . [ unclear ] .
And now I can stand in my head .
My parents had this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be at the General Hospital General .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a grant on the <unk> , University of the state of Arizona , because it was in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the taste of the least intelligent stuff , I took the top note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I did a scene from the glass zoo my <unk> professors .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called a very slow dance .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` I 'm going to have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy !
Anyway , free . Free !
Thank God Almighty , I 'm finally free .
I did n't get the paper . They gave it to <unk> Brown .
I went to <unk> the director of the theater department , crying , historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , to ask him why and she told me that because she told me that he could n't make risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the risk stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role that was literally born and gave an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors for disabled disabled .
When I graduated , I went home , and my first <unk> tour was as an extra amount of soap .
My dream was done .
And I knew that I would be <unk> from `` companion friend '' to a <unk> .
Instead , I stayed there as a vase , and I did n't see me more than the neck , and it was obvious to me that directors are not made <unk> , not white , with disability .
Just let people go to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up looking at <unk> Goldberg , L-Dopa <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
On my first tour , he led to leading stand-up comical in New York to New Jersey , and I will never forget the face of the first comedy that led when she fell at high speed on the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and no veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you never heard that little crazy rumor that says that women are not fun , and they 're really fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> <unk> Festival in New York City now .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and at the time directors , which <unk> and Arab directors are not synonymous .
<unk> the Arabs were much easier to fight the stigma challenge for disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was like invited to the wire program by cable has written by Keith Bellows .
I went into a graduation dance , dragged me to a study and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two .
And we were alive !
So I clung to the presenter desk to not get out of the screen during the segment of the segment , and when I finished the interview , he was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't come back .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to having me , but I stayed as a participant in full time and hit my chair .
A little bit of fun that I learned directly with Keith Bellows was that people on the Internet are scum .
The kids are told that kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or a little girl .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became kind of fun .
I 'd see clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite : `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What disease does it have ?
We really should pray for it . ''
A reviewer suggested to even I would add my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make <unk> , then you ca n't do somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled are the -- yeah , clapping , man . Go .
The disabled are the largest minority of the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said they 're not walking , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , that I have grown up with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and in everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , I 'm less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we need all the society to teach our kids well .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came to <unk> by the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> of Susan Susan <unk> and the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a movie with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
And we 'd run the world `` Arabs have gone crazy . ''
I was <unk> in the great state of New Jersey in 2008 's 2008 .
And I founded `` <unk> Children , '' a charity to give the kids Palestinian refugees , a tiniest fraction of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me live , and I do this talk to her memory .
<unk> . Dad .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you too .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village .
I do n't know your name , but I know your story .
She lives in a small village to South <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small people to poverty and the edge of starvation .
Without nothing there , it goes to the big city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no work , no longer perspectives .
He 's just living in a city tent outside of <unk> .
After maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day , a guy who offers him to take him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people who give a break .
It gets a little money to buy new clothes , money to send home , your family .
They present to a young man .
They 're finally home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That child from that little town with the dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , hoping to start their future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing he pulled out of what we call `` the <unk> period . ''
And their story is repeating in urban hubs around the world .
It 's the history of the marginalized , young urban urban <unk> that <unk> riots in Johannesburg , riot riots in London , looking for something beyond the <unk> period .
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of every five people living in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't provide opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , to violence , to gangs , will be the story of 2.0 cities .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do n't do virtually nothing .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in front of that hospital , and I remember thinking , `` What if I would never have gone ? ''
What if I had seen me forced to be in that same time of waiting ?
Would I have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure about the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to harbor some juvenile leaders in a corporate peak .
They went back to 90 juvenile leaders .
We sat down and we had a brainstorming on the solutions to the great challenges that face the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He was at <unk> University , he graduated .
There was no work , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , that because he was a graduate university , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest hurdle to get about B are the streets .
<unk> civil war have destroyed completely the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I seized it .
He started a motorcycles company .
She started <unk> motorcycles to local residents who normally could n't afford them .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some time to expand hundreds of motorcycles over the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What does this story do to this different story ?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the entrepreneurial spirit , and I think that entrepreneurship can be the most powerful tool against the <unk> period .
<unk> young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking so desperately .
And you can train the young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a florist .
I was helping me to train some of the young people at the top of corporate initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first florist that <unk> has seen in over 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were growing plastic out from the overseas .
If you ask somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It began a <unk> and floral Design company .
I created a farm on the outskirts of <unk> , and he began to grow <unk> and <unk> , who said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And it began the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens at houses , and the city companies , and now it 's working on the creation of the first public park of <unk> in 22 years .
There are no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and as he says , smell pink <unk> .
By the way , he 's not pink because they use a lot of water .
So , the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought of starting a business .
They had thought about working for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
They forced them to look at his city as a place of opportunity .
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , who might be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges that face the city .
We 're using business solutions for local problems .
So , they inspire young people and create a culture of entrepreneurship is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas happen .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and set them out of their business .
We 're going to get the kids out with the resources they need , they 're providing the support that they need to move from conception to creation , and they will create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the entrepreneurial spirit is something more than start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
He 'd hired children from the street to help rent and keep motorbikes for him .
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : turning young people into entrepreneurs , <unk> and feeding their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks Parks of the <unk> and <unk> periods .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years , and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , a <unk> area in upstate New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and not the way we were still , almost could pretend that we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> , with a beautiful <unk> lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed , there was a <unk> , from about four square feet with apple hearts , rotten balls of aluminum balls , and old shoe balls .
And I was <unk> , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> that were too lazy to pull out what they thought was going to clean up their crap ?
That question followed with me , and it 's a little bit easier .
Who cleans our crap ?
Does n't matter how you 're <unk> or where you put ours , who clean our trash in Istanbul ?
Who cleans our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
Here in New York , the Department of <unk> cleans our trash , and it 's about 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know them as individuals .
I wanted to understand who 's doing that work .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled on the trucks and I walked through the routes and I interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
It needed to go more .
So I began to work as a garbage garbage .
Now I was n't going to just run in the trucks . I do n't .
And they operated the mechanical players and the snow bar .
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning .
Everybody wonders about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as mainstream as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used to it very quickly .
It costs a lot of getting used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were still <unk> the weight of taking over their tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Bureau of stats <unk> , the collection of waste is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and entering the traffic , all day , and you 're moving around you .
They just want to <unk> , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for worker .
And also the crap itself is filled with dangers that they often fall into the truck and have terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> , and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself .
Never stop coming .
It 's also like a breath or circulation .
It must always be in motion .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think that waste waste is the most important labor on the streets of town , for three reasons .
These are the first public health protectors .
If you do n't get rid of waste and effective waste every day , this starts to <unk> from its containers and its dangers inherent in very real forms .
We had been controlled by decades and centuries coming back to sprout , and they start <unk> .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for what the motors in the economy start to fail when it 's in danger of consumption .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just by pointing their relationship .
And then it 's what I call our average average velocity necessary .
With that , I 'm just just at the speed of which we used to move out in the contemporary time .
We do n't usually worry about it , nor do we know , cleaned up , or we carry with us our coffee cup , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we drop them , we forget about them , because we know that there 's a job force on the other side that will take out of it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about garbage collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to go .
And their work allows us to do our own .
It 's almost a form of relief .
The flow that keeps us safely from ourselves , our own waste , our waste , and that flow must always stay in one way or another .
One day after the 11th of September 2001 , I heard a little consumer collection truck on the street , I grabbed my little son and went down the stairs , and there was a man doing his pan of paper recycled as he did it all on Wednesday .
And I tried to thank her to do his work that day in particular , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and simply nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
Let 's be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started investigating the collection of waste and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we work together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and have to account for all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , represent three percent of the nation 's supply .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of their days and their lives , the next couple of people whose job is to clean up the trash of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you .
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life , where architecture is born naturally from the conditions and local traditions .
I brought two recent projects like this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a commercial center in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to go out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city , we realized that there are three important ways to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can not afford to buy things .
Second , you need to spend a lot of energy because the coating skin generates heat on the inside , so you need to be much cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen , because it 's a temperate climate that goes 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And third , what it looks like has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really engaged with the old market that is this <unk> structure where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a commercial center .
But the question was how to build a modern building , several stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to survey the site , which is located in a very much growth zone , where much of the buildings that we now see in the image , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two houses that do n't communicate in a hundred meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , putting all the entries in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium that creates an outdoor space in the building that will be bent by its own shape , the sun and rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar fabric to a <unk> <unk> shell , to allow the air entrance , and also the light , but in a filtered way .
Then we inspire us in these beautiful buttons in the dresses of the dresses .
They have properties of fractal geometry , and it helped me to model the facade .
So we 're building that with these little fuzzy pieces that are the windows that let go air and light in a <unk> way inside of the building .
This is <unk> with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a commercial center . It was n't what we 're asking . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the commercial center , because at the end of the day there were more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning .
So we get certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy energy to the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we got a great advantage putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels we think about the ceiling like a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which in a set , collected water for inner environments .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we 're going through the fifth floor of construction .
The second example is a master 's master plan , apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project that big , the biggest than I have designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
And during that analysis , I 've got special attention to the <unk> , a <unk> structure , which was surrounded by a <unk> wall with a twelve straight gates connected by almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was extend the existing streets , creating 12 early blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the interconnected doors with straight lines , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the little cell in the project , like the apartment , as a essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best orientation for an apartment in the <unk> climate ?
And it 's a big deal , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So I 'm going to make a framework that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with playgrounds , and then in the lower plant we have all the connections for pedestrians .
And it also responds to the local norms that set up greater density at higher levels and smaller density in the plant .
And it also reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving the community the <unk> space .
It 's where all of the neighbors can go up and socialize , and make such such as a run of two kilometers in the morning , or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see the cities , literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes the communities and local economies at the same rate that buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and that they have as a goal to connect nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl entered our class , I was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had huge amounts of very bright hair , and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I put my sinister sinister plan .
One day I stayed at a time after the school exit , and it was a little late and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , I went out , I went into the classroom , took my master 's table , the book of grades .
And then I did .
They cut out the grades of my rival , just a little , just some .
All the way . And I signed back the book to crate , but , to see , some of my other fellows had really good grades .
So , in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all lines of <unk> and myself , and myself , just like being there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea arose .
I do n't understand why I felt well doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got stuck .
It 's that it was all obvious .
I never found me .
But above all , I 'm telling you the reason that I was bothered by this little girl , so small , was so good for <unk> .
I was giving myself the jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so mysterious .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also , primates are very likely .
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that will look at loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to the fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory that you study jealousy in all its potential forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , it would have no literature .
Well , there would n't be Helen <unk> , there 's no `` Odyssey . ''
I would n't have the jealous of jealous and a thousand and a nights .
There 's no Shakespeare .
You know , you know , the <unk> lists of high school , because we 'd be losing `` The noise and the <unk> , '' would not have `` Gatsby '' or `` Party . '' We were <unk> from `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
Without jealousy , there 's no Proust , I know that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost that it has all of them .
This year is being taken in a hundred years of their masterpiece , `` In search of the lost time , '' the most comprehensive study of sexual jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness , mine , all that we could have . And thinking of Proust , we have the details that we have , right ?
We thought of a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think of a <unk> <unk> in you in you .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat cat is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy , jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious , like jealousy , which is reduced to the person , their wish to their liabilities , are a good narrative basis ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we felt jealousy .
When we felt jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
One story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Now , as storytellers and audience , we know exactly what details to include , to nail the knife , right ?
jealousy makes us all amateurs amateurs , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could make pleasure , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story , and since then , Proust says that every cool charm that <unk> detects in his lover , adds it to his collection of instruments of torture in his private camera .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust were notoriously jealous .
Now , you know , the summer summer would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
jealousy is <unk> .
It 's a hungry excitement . You need to power .
And how are the jealousy ?
jealousy comes from information .
jealousy use details .
jealousy likes large amounts of bright hair and the cute little pencils <unk> .
jealousy would get rid of the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links the <unk> language of jealousy .
When you 're looking at it , it 's in his agony of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> the servants of his lover , then defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different than an ancient text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with true intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy , and they make us seem like <unk> , but in the middle , they 're search for knowledge , search for truth , an painful truth . In fact , what Proust is concerned about , the more painful thing .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : These were the pathways toward Proust 's wisdom .
He says , `` A woman whom we need , who makes us suffer , causes a range of feelings much more profound and vital than a wise man who can be interested . ''
Are we saying that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy tells ourselves .
And is there any other excitement that we 're doing ourselves in this particular way ?
Is there any other excitement to us , our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other excitement that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young young woman who was consumed with the idea that his wife was going on .
And Freud says that there was something weird in that man , who did n't get away in what his wife was doing .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he made his wife , without realizing , involuntary behaviors .
Was it too much ? Or did you have a man ?
Freud says that man was becoming the <unk> of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are very good at this .
The novels describe very well how jealousy they are doing to look at intensity but without precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous we are , the more we become residents of fantasy .
And because of this reason , I think , jealousy are leading us to make violent or illegal acts .
jealousy drives us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about the age of eight , I recognize it , but I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news .
A woman from Michigan 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since the United States will send <unk> , awful messages to himself .
For a year . Every year .
She was trying to bring her back to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because we 're realistic .
What huge , even unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's kind of like novel .
Like a <unk> <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant person in the American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` Mr. Mr. <unk> , '' books that try the jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we are in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it might be , can be <unk> in a instant .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or want what you 've got to take from your self and you 're going to get them out of what you 've ever got , and it 's under the floor . <unk> your name , you get your rings , cow your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> all over the world , both like I want .
It 's a shame , because we live in times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the coin is envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the way ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not sure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the Baker Street Baker and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
When people think about Holmes , they think about the <unk> curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always met [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head of rat <unk> <unk> that needs desperately , needs the genius of Holmes , but he gets annoyed .
Oh , it sounds so familiar to me .
<unk> needs their help , but we 'll get it , and I 'm going to get bitterness with bitterness in each other .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally , in `` The <unk> of <unk> <unk> , '' once somebody comes in , <unk> all of his solution , <unk> back and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir .
We 're proud of you . ''
And it tells you that there 's no person in <unk> <unk> that I do n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the times that we see Hitler 's gone in history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Holmes is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , it lets you admire that idea of being a <unk> .
Could it be so simple ?
What if jealousy are actually a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to <unk> the greatness in the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like contingency plans .
So while we 're hoping that happens , we remember that we have fiction for <unk> .
Only fiction <unk> jealousy .
The fiction alone , invites them to the table .
And look what happens : sweet <unk> , the scary Tom <unk> , the crazy Proust , the very Marcel Proust .
We 're in excellent company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface of the river was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in times of peace in American history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People were killed , including the Apollo 1 crew .
But before the Apollo <unk> program , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve feet walked on its surface , which was held after the Armstrong death last year , is now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot back : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the diplomacy and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the own words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why is the tallest mountain scale ?
35 years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why does he play Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because be simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about this in the Cold War .
At the time , the strongest emotion was the wonder to the transcendence of the technology .
They were because it was great to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological inspiration .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , polio polio was spreading and removed .
Technology seemed to own what we Alvin in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a boat with a candle , but in 1969 , the Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles / hour .
From 1970 , no human being has gone to the moon .
No one has gone faster than the Apollo 10 , and the joyful optimism about the power of technology has evaporated from looking at the problems that we imagine that technology would solve as to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world 's population seem to have some intractable outcome .
I remember seeing the Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that I did n't get to the <unk> tube <unk> from the rocket Saturn V .
I knew that this would be the last <unk> mission , but I was completely sure I 'd come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that 's what it happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , has become a common place .
We heard it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here at TED .
It seems as if technologists would have distracted us with trivial toys , things like iPhones , apps and social networks , or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've extended and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a foregone explanation in Silicon Valley , who <unk> that they 've created less ambitious companies than those of the years in which Intel came to Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits , in concrete , the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused us to change the creation of ideas by raising , incremental problems , or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly called <unk> Valley .
Even when the venture capitalists were at their peak without worrying about risk , they preferred small investments , small investments that they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> them . They have always had problems to invest in technologies as well as energy , which need a huge capital , and the development is the long term ; they have n't invested in development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have a commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound .
Sometimes , we chose not to solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted to .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because the political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> -- less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want the sources of alternative energy that can compete at the price .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policies and treaties are developing the development of an alternative energy : mostly , a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of the coal price .
But there is no hope in the current political climate that we 're going to see a policy policy of the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technological , it turns out not to be .
We know for a long time that famines are a result of failure in the food effort .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis affecting the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and delivery of food , but there will be famines of the bad governments .
Finally , the big problems sometimes give us a solution because we do n't understand the problem really .
President Nixon declared the cancer war in 1971 , but we found that there are many types of cancer , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years appear to have found effective and viable treatments .
The difficult problems are hard .
It 's not true that we could n't solve the problems with technology .
We can , and we have to , but these four elements have to be present : political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; institutions have to support the solution ; it must really be a technological problem , and we have to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , it meets those criteria .
But it 's a <unk> model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's not a <unk> competition as in the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who will make the hard and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction as a way to explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
It was just three days .
And really , I was n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin with <unk> the ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they have become <unk> of our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a huge decrease of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should recover trust .
I think the claim , the goal and the task has been wrong .
What I 'm going to try and talk about today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives you a clearer idea about the subject .
First of all , why do people think the trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I turn it down to thinking that there may be a lot of activities or institutions , and that could be augmented in others .
I do n't know it .
But I can turn the opinion of opinion , and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at opinion surveys over time , there 's no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who come up with 20 years ago , mostly journalists and politicians , keep the same mistrust .
And the people who were very confident 20 years ago are still quite reliable , judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost halfway through .
But is this evidence for ?
What the opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is generic attitudes that people replicate when they 're asking certain questions .
Trust politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if someone would ask you , `` Are you going to put them in the <unk> ?
Are you going to get them in the fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
You probably want to ask , `` What ? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer .
And you could say , when you 've said , `` Well , I trust you in some , but elsewhere . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in the way .
We do n't assume that the level of confidence that we 're going to feel for a certain kind of official , official or guy , will be in all cases .
I could , for example , say I trust a certain primary master teacher I know to give the reading kind of reading , but in no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that I was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to keep a conversation , but not , maybe to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is separated , why do we leave all that knowledge , when we think about trust in the most abstract way ?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to attract the good trial to the fact of trust something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's an stupid goal .
It 's not the goal that I 'm going to do .
I would get more confidence in what 's trusted , but not what it is .
Anyway , I 'm keen on not trust that it 's not reliable .
And I think that those people who have their savings with the very rightly named Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think about them , and I think , well , yes , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not a smart goal in this life .
Example deposited or <unk> with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , yeah , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
What it is is about making a judgment on how trustworthy people are in certain ways .
And I think that in order to make a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if you find that a person is competent in the pertinent subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trusting her , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in contrast , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent and honest , but I do n't belong to them to take a letter to the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see that you 're going to see your own skills .
And I 'm happy to say that I think I do n't have many friends to be competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If it is , I still have n't noticed it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness , before trust .
Trust is the answer .
<unk> is what we have to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
In the last decades , we 've tried to build accountability by accountability for all sorts of institutions , professionals , officials , and so on , that made us easier for us to judge their reliability .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once I was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paperwork that will attend to . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life , and institutional , that the accountability of accountability that is destined to guarantee the trustworthiness and the tests of trustworthiness , it 's actually doing the opposite .
What they do is they do the work of the people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , let us use the boxes , as we say .
I 'm sure all of you know similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think that the goal should be more reliability , and that things would be different if we tried to be trustworthy trust , and we will engage people that we are trustworthy and if we tried to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , simple actions , attitudes , which does n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild trust , it puts things backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is very distinctive because we give them other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give you the bases enough that you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , all the people , all the time .
But you also have to give sure that you 're worthy of trust .
How do we do that ?
That 's done every day , everywhere , does the common people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks says I can send them out without giving explanations .
I 'm wearing it and put me back the money , or you change the color that I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a big lesson on that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a very good test that you are worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So in the end , I think what we 're aiming at is not very hard to tell .
In what people rely on relationships , and in that frame , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the early days of computers , we 've been able to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be avoided .
This separation has been shrinking , more and more and more , so that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass of a tactile screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First of all , I created this tool that steps in digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen transfers its physical body to the pixels .
Now designers can take their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs underneath the screen .
So , with this tool , you break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still on the screen .
How do you get into the interior and interact with digital information using all the hands of your hands ?
In the Computer Science division of Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital <unk> area .
It 's going to be a transparent <unk> display with deep cameras to detect your fingers and face , now you can pick up your hands of the keyboard , get into the inside of the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with hands .
As the windows and archives have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and returned things on the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry .
What I have here is a virtual <unk> on the Internet .
This is the vision that you get from a device set up in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them ?
How would it be a future like this ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my contacted Hiroshi Ishii and my <unk> Post , we created this one physical pixel .
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in the space , which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere in this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was <unk> gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic magnetic , <unk> <unk> and detectors .
And when we program digitally the object , we release it out of the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can adjust and go back and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach physically , physically , and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality , the times we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike monitors or textbooks , this is an actual and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating that we change the computer physics is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical activities .
As you see , digital information will not only show you something but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to <unk> our world .
We started the talk today about a barrier , but if we compress that barrier , the only limit that remains is our imagination .
Thank you .
I would be able to become a gymnast for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to go to a school for athletes for all expenses paid .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they firmly believe that there was only an accurate path towards happiness : a safe job and well .
No matter what I 'd like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer must start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the host of a radio program .
But no adult will tell you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were kids , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew that it was too much longer to train .
My dream will never come to work .
I was afraid , for the rest of my life a second class happiness would be the only thing I might aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I resolved to look for another vocation .
No one around me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
They 're going to go to books .
[ `` Eternal <unk> '' by <unk> -- aka Little Year 's [ unclear ] [ unclear ] ' history of Nan <unk> .
The ones that were banned in China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese lives .
And it 's not rocket propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's a topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was an epiphany , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this <unk> <unk> , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative habit habit .
It <unk> many perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn .
I had never occurred to me , China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
comic reading is not a new thing .
It 's common practice in the academic world .
There 's to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research , why not do it as well in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
You can be about people [ `` Benjamin Franklin '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] they were involved in the same thing , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation is economic , political and spiritual .
By the Buddha , they 're all psychological , lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read their favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road of General Tzu '' ) Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Tao '' ] Instead of miss in translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` Quick joy . '' Ha !
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother , '' Aldo .
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present .
I know I would n't get to feel like or powerless .
Having a broken sleep really is nothing compared to what many other people have suffered .
I 've come to believe that realization is not the only purpose of a dream .
Its most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from , where happiness comes from .
Even a broken sleep can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books that I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So the books always join you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first psychotherapy of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in psychology clinical psychology .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw out on my office in my office and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class had a <unk> man .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought the sessions , it made me easy just to move my head while we would make the solution .
`` Thirty are the new 20 , '' saying Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , you 're home later , you have kids later , to death .
So , as Alex and I had plenty of time .
But soon after , my <unk> pushed me to push Alex who would talk about his love life .
I was resistant to me .
I said , `` Of course , it 's coming up with guys under their category , he sits down with a <unk> , but it 's not like to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` No , but maybe you get married with the next one .
Also , the best time to work in Alex 's marriage is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not new <unk> .
Yes , people feel a head after they used to , but this did n't make the evil of Alex being a pause in their development .
And this made the Alex <unk> to be the perfect moment and we were wasting it .
And so I realized , this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and it had real consequences , not just for Alex and his love life , but for race careers and the future racing and the future of <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
That means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think that nobody comes to adulthood without going to be before .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with the <unk> , they love a million , you remove sleep 's dream , I want to see . It 's fine . Incredible , people really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen to 35 years .
So this means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and `` Aha ! '' which gives their life to be passed on when they have 30 and so many .
People from over 40 , not trained in panic .
This audience is going to be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they win .
We know more than half of Americans are married , they live or they 're coming out with their future partner at 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their 20s , and they 'll be used for adulthood , which means that if there 's something that you want to change from yourself , now it 's the moment to change it .
We know that personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any other time in life , and we know that female fertility hits its endgame to the 28 , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are the moment for education on their body and their choices .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which your everyday and common life has an impact on the person who will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the ones are listening to .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
Journalists were calling stupid names to the <unk> like `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As culture , we 've considered a triviality what is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard <unk> said that to achieve great things , you need a plan and not enough .
It 's not true ?
What do you think happens when you get a little <unk> in your head and say , `` You have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
It 's not happening .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition and nothing happens .
And then every day , smart , interesting intelligent people , and their kids and daughters come to my office and say something like that , `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't kill . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that while I start a career before the 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum , the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the chairs of the chairs .
They were all running around and <unk> , but then at some point around the 30 , the music turned off , and they all began to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who would stand up , so I sometimes think that I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a bit extreme , but do n't make any mistakes , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure on 30 and so many of you start a career , choose a city , pick a couple , and have two or three children in a much shorter time .
A lot of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that you start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once to the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red cars .
It 's about to realize that you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize that you ca n't have the son you want to now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
Many <unk> and behold , you see themselves , and me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what the smartest ones are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said that he would like to work in art or in entertainment , but he could n't really decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , I was living with a boyfriend that showed more caring for it .
And despite living very difficult <unk> , his previous life had been even more difficult .
So often in our sessions , but then it gets up to her when she said , `` You do n't pick your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day she got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just buy a new book book , and I 'd spent the whole morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then he was looking at the empty space that follows the words `` In case of emergency , please call it to <unk> ... ''
I was about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to care about if I give cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me a lot of work to resist and do n't say , `` I . ''
What she needed was not a <unk> that really would be worried .
Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the seventh decade of Emma was happening in front .
So , over the next couple of weeks and months , I told Emma three things that every month , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I told Emma that I would forget about that identity crisis and identity capital .
For identity capital , I 'm talking about doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be after .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : capital capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's the moment for that work on the other side of the country , from that school that you want to test .
I 'm not rejecting the exploration , and I 'm rejecting the exploration that should n't tell , that , by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I told Emma that would explore jobs , and I would tell you .
Second , I told Emma that urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are excellent to take you to the airport , but the smartest people who come together with friends with similar minds are limited to whom they know , what they know , how they 're talking , how they 're talking , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person who comes out almost comes from outside of its closest circle .
The new things come from what 's called <unk> links from your friends .
Yes , half of them have a bad job or they do n't have work .
But the other half is not , and the weak links are the way you 're going to get it to this group .
Half of the jobs have never been published , then knowing the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job that 's not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information is happening .
Finally , not less important , Emma believed that you do n't pick your family , but I know your friends .
And this was true when I was growing , but as <unk> , Emma soon brought her family into her family when he has a partner and form his own family .
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better enough to sit on your head than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But choose the person that you live right now or you 're going to get to you now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have , and that means being so intentional in love as you 're in work .
<unk> your family must be an conscious choice of who , and what they want instead of only doing it will work or kill time with whoever you choose to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that board , and she found the roommate of a cousin of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak link helped him get a job there .
That job offer gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend with the living .
Now , five years later , it 's special weather events .
This is married with a man who chose consciously .
She loves his new career , he loves her new family , and I send a letter that said , `` Now the emergency rooms of emergency lines are not big enough . ''
The story of Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love to work with .
It 's very easy to help them .
<unk> are as airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport , who go somewhere in the West .
Just before the takeoff , a light adjustment in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or Fiji .
In the same way , at the same way , in the age of 21 , even at 29 , a good conversation , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even the future generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading to all the speakers you know .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I 've got the privilege of telling us like Emma every day : <unk> are n't the new <unk> , you know , your old age , get identity capital , use your weak links , pick your family into your family .
They wo n't be defined by what they did n't know or what they did n't know .
You 're deciding your life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very picky job in management management for a work that was even more demanding : teaching .
I went to teach them mathematics to seventh grade schools in New York City .
And as any teacher , I made tests and tests .
I give them assignments .
When the job would come back , we put grades .
What struck me is that <unk> I.Q . was that the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of them who had better performance had no scores of I.Q . <unk> .
Some of my smartest kids were n't doing so well .
And that made me think .
The kind of things that you need to learn in seventh grade is , sure , it 's hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible , and I was very convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of the students and learning from a motivational perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know how to measure better .
It 's the <unk> , but what if I succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy to learn ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who has success here and why ?
My research team and I went to the Academy of <unk> West Point .
We tried to predict what <unk> were in military training , and who <unk> .
We went to the National <unk> , and we tried to predict what kids were doing as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers were working in really difficult neighborhoods , and what teachers are still teaching for the end of the school year and those , who will be the most effective in improving the outcomes of their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , what about these marketers are going to keep their job job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , it arose as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't good appearance , physical health , and it was n't <unk> I.Q . .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
Determination is embracing your future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality .
Determination is living life as if it was a marathon , not a career at all speed .
A few years ago , I started studying the determination in Chicago schools .
I asked hundreds of thousands of high school students who did my determination and then waited for more than a year to see those who would be completed .
It turns out that kids with more determination had significantly greater chance to graduate graduate , even when I paired them in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the security that children felt when they were in school .
So it 's not only at West Point or at the National <unk> of <unk> in which the determination is in school , especially for kids at risk of <unk> .
For me , the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know , how little science knows about development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do you develop purpose in children ?
What do I do to teach kids a tough work ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know . What I know is that talent ca n't resolve them .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many young individuals that are simply not following their commitments .
In fact , in our data , resolve commonly is not related or it 's even related to the talent actions .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing the resolve in children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain , and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get them out when they fail , because they do n't think that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where I 'm going to end my speech , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have in front .
We need to take our best ideas , our unconscious intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure whether they have been successful , and we have to be willing to fail , get wrong , to start all again with the lessons that we 've learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more certain .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan , like a <unk> daughter , one of my <unk> memories is my mom and beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I 'm going to get myself through this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can bring down this wall , so you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language , language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I began to learn how to draw every single guy in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> <unk> 20,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , menus in restaurants , understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers .
I 'm starting with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
Get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if I were screaming , `` Help me ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol is actually originally originally from the form of the flame , but I like to believe it 's the other way . The things that will work .
This is a tree .
Tree tree tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The front symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors on the old West .
I call these eight characters .
These are building blocks so that you create many more characters .
One person .
If somebody walks back , that 's going to go .
As the ancient said , two are company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was so big . ''
The person inside the mouth is caught up .
It 's a prisoner , such as <unk> within the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a chart under the tree , we have the foundation .
Put a mouth on the tree , that 's an idiot .
Do you remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , prosperous .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the bright moon together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Look at a chart inside the door , it 's the footage of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
He hit , played there 's someone at home ?
This person is getting hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've already spent for nearly 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every little effort , you will be able to learn a couple hundreds of hundreds of characters , which is the same thing that you learn from a eight-year-old Chinese .
So after knowing the characters , we start to create phrases .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun placed in the origin , because Japan is the east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become actually coming out .
A mouth that tells you to go out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I prefer to be Dad is the films I get to see .
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids ; when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The movie dominated its imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand .
But when you see that movie so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and raise our kids in a kind of industrial complex shows of child fantasy .
However , the magician of Oz was an event in itself .
It does n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to the trend later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal boy and a <unk> boy <unk> a girl <unk> like guard the enemy .
You know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between Oz magician and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there 's very little violence on the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple sticks .
But I think that if the magician of Oz will do today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you 're the salvation of Oz as prophecy .
You use magical shoes to defeat the armies by <unk> <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from the magician 's magician is that the most heroic , wise characters and even babysitters are women .
I began to notice this when I saw Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
Just three years old .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the supervision level was down , so slid in the room , and I was shocked as a mom 's leg with his stones behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but , let him understand everything .
I wonder what it felt .
Would it be value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would the sense that Luke was an army to remove the government ?
Let 's contrast this with the magician of 1939 Oz .
How Dorothy is his movie .
And we do good regarding them and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow , right ? And not a world of men who struggle , which is where we are .
Why are there so much <unk> capital , force in movies for our kids , and so little from the yellow bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence movies , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Yes for experience that the princess <unk> does n't provide the proper frame that I had served to navigate the world of the adults who are blended . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really hoped that the credit of the movie would come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have girlfriend .
Why are you standing there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies focus on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a silly animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior suit .
There are many exceptions , and defend the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , the kids , are not really their target audience .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show the kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have a few great women writing new stories for our kids , so real , and lovely , like <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful topic of all time continues to show up in classic after classic , each of them about the adventure of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and their son , or two men who breed a little girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , eventually he came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's already available in shops .
Remember what the criticism said when he came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has done a princess .
It 's really good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost any of these films happens the test for <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not rooted in it , and it 's already spreading , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had had a friend of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's only three questions that you have to do : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to get the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else that you like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women there and talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet I really rarely see it in the movies that we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar <unk> <unk> , a consensus idea of what 's a quality Hollywood movie .
Virtually , it 's not the test of <unk> .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the movie , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women are hidden during the crisis of hostage .
We have lots of scenes of men who have profound and painful conversations in this hide , and is the great time for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say , `` Do you go to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's look at the numbers .
In 2011 , of the most popular films , how many of them think they have feminine actors ?
Eleven . Not bad .
It 's not the same percent that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then it 's fine .
But there 's a bigger number that 's going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
Here 's what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's sexually assaulted ever in his life .
I do n't think it 's mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids have something to do with that .
I also do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something goes wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is that there 's a lot of sexual assaults .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do you get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is defeat a villain and then charge the reward , which is a woman who does n't have friends and do n't talk ?
Are we telling that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world , and this very alarming statistic and we want to get them .
We have tools we have tools like <unk> <unk> , and we expect that to help , but I have to ask , do I have to ask yourself to protect them if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our kids to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean most of the parents .
I think we have to show our children a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is changing radically .
You 've read about how the new economy is changing the role that comes after home and <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite son of `` Star Wars '' -- you know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do these two in common ?
Maybe it 's not just the bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those films that know more than anybody , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want to fewer stories where I 'm told to my son : Go and fight only and more stories where he looked at their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , as the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , I lived in Maine , and one of the things that I 'd like to look like was looking at seawater on the shores of Maine , because my parents told me that I would be lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They are covered with sand and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I 'll tell you for them .
I began to see shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in love for the past and archaeology .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized to see with my own eyes was n't enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up with nearly 1,300 feet long .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
So to try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to see otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared .
This is a place in the eastern Delta in Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in plain sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like glowing pink .
What you 're seeing is the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how we 've used satellite data to find an old <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits on <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of ancient art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that I was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built them , <unk> within the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge spiral of deluge .
This area is huge , it 's about roughly <unk> by <unk> miles .
Before , the Nile was right on the side of <unk> , and as it changed over time , I moved on this and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city below a long landscape ?
I 'll try to find a chance to be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA NASA data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile looked like .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here , that we think it might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborate with Egyptians doing sampling jobs , you can see it here .
When I say to sampling , it 's like the shots of it in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five feet below , under a thick mud layer , we found a dense layer of pottery objects .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters below , we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found work from <unk> ; <unk> , quartz and cat -- what shows that there was a jewelry store .
This might seem that it 's not a lot , but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , it was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but let 's put it into a near future to localize .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians on the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , which is probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
To share knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as I think , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do that ideas actually occur in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high .
It certainly puts the search of shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside , in front of the door of <unk> home .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that 's made .
Now we 've got a bunch of obese obese group .
They 're competing on a bicycle bicycle career and they 're going in direction to their entry door .
I need you to see this really .
They 're very strong , they 're sweating , they 're <unk> .
They collide in front of the door of their house .
There are bicycles everywhere , wheels that go on the side of the wheels that end up in <unk> places . <unk> the threshold of the door .
In the lobby , in the hallway , or what there 's to the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light . The light is shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
You 're waving with your hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur by making you tickle your nose .
You can smell the oats cookie and you 're going to go into the mouth .
<unk> on the side and enter your living room .
So already in the room , and I use maximum use of your imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing about his coffee table , singing `` <unk> , I 'll Baby A . ''
Now follow me in the kitchen .
The soil has been coated with a <unk> and from the oven come to you Dorothy , <unk> Man , <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> from the hands , jumping towards you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place in New York City .
It 's called the <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , that this was like the end of a wise woman .
There were several men and a few dozen different ages and different habits of hygiene .
They were <unk> hundreds of random numbers , looking at them once .
They reported the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
It would be whole poems in just minutes .
He was able to see who he could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is unbelievable . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise .
Actually , I have a average memory .
Everybody who participate in this competition is they say they have normal memory .
`` We have trained to perform these memory acts of memory using some ancient techniques , invented a thousand years ago in Greece , the same techniques that used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that the medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How do you have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing out of the classroom of competition , and Ed , who is a wonderful and brilliant English , although a little bit of a <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
You know Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears , how to memorize the order on a deck of cards live , on national television .
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start with something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why it does n't work , why does n't it work .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that he did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how our memory makes us who we are .
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim Peek , and he was based on David Hoffman 's role in the `` Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City , <unk> phone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I went back , it 's a number of treaties on writing about 2,000 years ago , in Latin , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time where this idea of having trained , disciplined and cultured memory was not a thing as rare as you might like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
We 've changed culturally , and I would say that they 've changed also cognitively .
As we have almost no need to remember , sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where there are still passionate people for this idea of a trained , disciplined memory and cultured , is this very unique memory of memory .
It 's actually not so unique ; there are skills like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at University College from London invited a group of memory champions , to the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it that it has brains in some way , structural , or different sources of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting difference between the brains of the memory champions and the people of control that you compared to .
When they put them into an MRI machine , they <unk> their brains as they 're looking at numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes . They found that in the memory champions , they found out parts of the brain , different to others .
Indeed they were using , or they seemed to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament in competitive memorization is driven as an armed career where every year has someone in a new way of remembering more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
On his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he just mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> random .
Yeah .
And while there 's a huge amount of ways of remembering things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques used to the end , it 's reduced to a single concept that psychologists call `` coding <unk> . ''
It 's illustrates with a elegant paradox known as the paradox `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember there 's a <unk> .
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` You remember what it was ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told to her work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different ability to remember -- that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , name Baker , it does n't really mean anything to you .
With all the other memories that dance for their head .
But the word , `` <unk> . ''
They wear <unk> hats .
They have <unk> .
They 're doing well when they come back home .
You probably know some baker .
And when I put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> <unk> at some point later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data for two years ago in Ancient Greek Greek Greek .
It 's known as the `` palazzo palace . ''
The story goes like this : There was a poet called <unk> who was attending a dinner dinner .
They had been hired as entertainment , because before I wanted to give a very good party , you did n't bring to a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , <unk> his memory poem , left , and so soon it was , the dining room of the dinner collapsed .
By killing everybody .
But it was n't only killed all of them , but it ripped the body , left unrecognizable .
No one could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
So they could n't afford the bodies .
A tragedy of the other .
<unk> , standing out , only a survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes and realized that with his eyes 's eyes , I could see where I 'd been sitting every guest .
He took their hands on their hand , <unk> where their loved ones were in the rubble .
What <unk> noticed in that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively , and it 's that no matter what we 're good at to remember names or phone numbers or instructions , for word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and spatial memory .
If you 're telling you that I 'm going to give you the first 10 words of history that I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to find them very hard to do it .
But I would bet that if you 're going to tell you that you 're sitting on the horse a brown speaker in your lobby , you would be able to <unk> it .
The idea of the palazzo of memory is to create this building with your mind 's eyes and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember , the more crazy , crazy , funny , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years , to the first treaties of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
So let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it from memory , the same way that he would have done if they would have been invited by it 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine that they 're in the door of their house .
And to come up with some sort of absolutely ridiculous image , crazy and unforgettable to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that competition 's completely <unk> .
And then you can imagine coming into your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> , mounted over Mr .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to count .
And then he entered the kitchen , and the fourth topic that they would talk to would be that strange journey that they did for a whole year , and have some friends to help them remember it .
That 's how the Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , who will confuse it , but typical .
Actually the term `` typical '' comes from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a little bit of a while when people thought of the oratory and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` First , '' it would be like the first place in its memory palace .
I saw that this was just fascinating , and I got stuck with it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of competitive breeding .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a boring event .
Seriously , it 's like seeing a lot of people sitting sitting on tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone would get in front of them .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are incredible things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself .
So I began to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem . Or the names of an ancient school yearbook has bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was fun .
I would never have expected to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What you 're really trying to do is to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked .
This is me , using my standard training team for the memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security glasses covered with tape leaving just two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory experiment experiment .
I thought this could be good epilogue for all my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that I did n't have to happen .
Of course it 's nice to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and lists shopping , but actually this is not the point .
These are only tricks .
Because it 's based on very basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be able to build apart from memory or memorize <unk> of cards , and to benefit from a little bit of insights about how your mind works .
Often we talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
It 's when we focus deeply .
The palace -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make us <unk> .
It 's going to be a kind of deep processing , a kind of complete attention that most of you are not going to get out there .
But the reality is that there 's no shortcuts .
That 's how things get memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , I left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose from what 's already our short existence on the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to being human in front of us , who walks next to us . We 're not so <unk> that we did n't even have any longer to create a depth ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible incredible memory abilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person who remembers remembering .
Thank you .
I 'll talk about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex topic , so I 'm going to make it just a complex place : New Jersey .
Because it 's 30 years ago , I 'm owned from Jersey , I was six and I was living there in my parents ' house in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I was sharing with my sister .
And between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that I would be in .
And there 's all of the time watching TV , so every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I 'd come up and I 'd come back in a towel , everyone saw me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure and I hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's the architecture .
Right .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , and no zones of zones , but of those emotional , emotional connections , that we feel in the places that we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency go 90 percent of their time under roof .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even realize .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
So this means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it brings to them : think of power , `` stability '' and democracy .
And I know that you think about it so based on a building built two years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century in America , we use it to build houses .
Look , these little stable , solid <unk> , front of the sea , far away from the elements .
This is very , very useful because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . <unk> and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they know that they 're going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a pretty building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library that was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it has a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , which let 's come up with this building : the kids , the stock values , the story .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
That same year in 2004 , the other side of the country , was over another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet , read and sharing .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works on the beginning of the pendulum .
On one hand , it 's innovation , the architects that constantly drives new technologies , new <unk> , new solutions for current life forms .
We 're going to push them together and push it so much , that we get away from people .
All of black , this is depressed . You believe that we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we have no choice .
We 've got to go on the other side and go back to those bizarre symbols .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we feel like <unk> , so we started experimenting again ; we 're going to move the pendulum back and go ahead and over and over again . So we 've done it in the last 300 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It 's got to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , on a dehumanizing scale .
Something really hard .
So , we zoom in in the '80s , and we began to incorporate those symbols .
And I 'll put the pendulum back in the other direction .
We take those ways that we know that we like and <unk> .
We added a neon and we added bake , and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took <unk> cabinet and we turned them into skyscrapers , which may be medieval medieval Station .
The shapes are <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
swans grew up to the size of buildings .
insane .
But it was the 80 , that was great .
We all spend time in commercial malls , and we moved into neighborhoods , and in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
These fantasies could be to the Mediterranean , to French or Italian .
Maybe with an endless piece of bread .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started to move the pendulum back in the other direction .
In the '80s and early '90s , we started experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
It 's <unk> the historical symbols ; we now have new <unk> techniques to computer , and we find new compositions , some ways that will self-assemble into other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally the pendulum <unk> again in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical , academics and public generally , they were completely agreement on a building .
The New York Times journal this miraculous building .
Tourism in Bilbao increased a half percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first <unk> star .
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media gets around them , and we learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these forms .
The same mayors do the major mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This is the early millennium phenomenon with other architects .
It happened to Somalia and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium , actually started moving through the entire architecture , digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how you consume architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building is transported beyond the physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't know a lot of time to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before we know what designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
This is how we find buildings like this .
<unk> was not a <unk> movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we 're at the threshold of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , of steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum is applied to media , it starts to swing faster and faster , until we 're in both extremes , almost simultaneously , and it 's effectively the difference between innovation and symbol , among us , architects , and you , the public .
Now we can do <unk> symbols , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'm going to show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called Saturn Island , in the state of New York City .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly the finished product , no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community , that first summer , when people started to come and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , it became a media medium , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did the building .
And as you 're using it to tell your story , you become part of personal narrative , and that 's <unk> with collective memory , and when you carry these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture .
We can tell each other , what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those librarians of <unk> .
If that building is built today , first we go to the Internet to look for `` new libraries . ''
We were bombarded with examples of experimentation , of innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can bring to the mayor of <unk> , to <unk> people , and tell you that there 's no unique answer to what a library can be today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experiment .
It 's all different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use words and complicated drawings , and you 're no longer a hapless audience who does n't accept something that has n't seen before .
Now , architects can listen , and you do n't let it happen for architecture .
That means the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , from a movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that buildings in the morning will be very different than buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be .
This means that some robots can be able to build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the ways that are going to produce .
That means that buildings will be attached to the whims of nature and not the contrary .
This means that a parking garage in Miami , Beach , Florida , can also serve for sports or for yoga , or even you can get married at night .
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River in New York , and raise half a million dollars of the united community around that cause , it 's no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of names , so bully and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot that builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
The architects already know how to make buildings more ecological , smarter and kinder .
We 've been waiting for all of you to do them .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot of play .
Buildings are not only reflecting our society , but they shape the smallest spaces , the local libraries , the homes where we form our kids , and the walk of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and already started walking .
And it makes it great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if his body was moving too fast for his legs .
It 's totally beautiful .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He 's laughing and <unk> , and it gives themselves these big fat kisses and wet .
It 's beautiful .
Apparently , all of your friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it , and it made me think , `` When stopped doing this ? ''
How do we suddenly do n't taste with our appearance ?
Because , apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google , `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
It 's a little bit scary , it 's a little bit confused because , even though his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day in school , someone says he 's ugly .
Among his mom tells him and what his friends or colleagues say , they do n't know who to believe .
So he makes a video of her , he puts it on YouTube , and he asks to others please leave a comment : `` Am I beautiful or I 'm ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant , which is not even worth thinking about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal teenager , who receives these answers in one of the stages of their lives more emotionally emotionally .
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way .
But what 's bringing them to do this ?
Well , teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure from being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving , `` I like , '' saying , by saying , you know , sharing , publishing , this is never over .
We 've never been so connected , in a continuous way , very young , so young .
As a mother told me , `` It 's like a party in your room every night . ''
There 's simply no privacy .
And the social pressures that you 're in your hand are ruthless .
This environment , of being connected , is attached to our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' -- they have and the types of comments they get .
There is no divide between life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it is real or what it is not .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what it is authentic and what 's manipulated digitally .
What is the most important thing about someone 's lives in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are covers from the girls ' news .
<unk> <unk> continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , # <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see with the young people .
But the kids are not immune to this .
It 's like the superheroes of sport stars , and the singers who are <unk> .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , we probably want our kids to grow healthy and are <unk> individuals .
But in a culture obsessed by the image , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental endeavor to their appearance , to the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical skills , their studies and other ways begin to suffer .
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they do n't look pretty cool enough .
These are not trivial activities .
These are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and how contributors to society and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one in three teenagers are not interested in discussions of class . They 're going to participate in discussions of classroom because they do n't want to call attention by how physical attention .
One in five are not attending lectures at all during the days when you do n't feel comfortable about it .
And in the exam season , if you do n't think good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get a lower note to the average of your fellow people who do n't care about it .
And this phenomenon is widespread in Finland , United States and China .
And it 's regardless of what these young people actually weigh .
So , in order to make it clear , we 're talking about how you see you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem of your body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
Adults with low self-esteem are doing less physical activity , they eat fewer fruit and vegetables , participate in more diets not healthy they can take them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily recognizable by the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we think it 's all for what they make more risky decisions , like the consumption of alcohol and drug consumption , diets , aesthetic surgery , aesthetic relationships , early days , and without protecting them .
The search for the perfect body is pushing into healthcare , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they have no higher rates of <unk> .
17 percent of women do n't present to a job interview in one day where they do n't feel safe with the way they see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would be that opportunity ?
This potential is interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , by itself , it does n't take you very far .
It 's not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first is that we have to nurture trust in your own body .
We have to help our teenagers develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was really amazed when I learned that many well-meaning programs , without realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we have to make sure that the program that our kids follow our children will not only have a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
So these six ways are really crucial points for anyone willing to provide an infant self-esteem education that works .
One education is fundamental , but address this problem requires each of us that take the driver 's seat , and we are a better role model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
We 're challenging the current status of like women are seen and talked about our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in haircut or the size of their breasts , or <unk> that resolve or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a big beauty .
We need to start judge people so they are , not because they look .
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published on our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance .
And let me ask you : When was the last time a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as companies , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow their children to increase their entire person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put the people who are actually making the difference on a pedestal .
So let 's make a difference in the real world , let 's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we just will create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're seeing that they are never , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives .
Who have in mind ?
Is your wife ?
Did your sister ?
Her daughter ?
Is your niece to your friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's at two seats away . What would it mean for her if it was released from that <unk> voice in his interior , that he 's haunted by not having long legs , God else , an <unk> belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we were able to put this out and make their potential loose in that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is holding us all over .
But we 're going to give our kids the truth .
It turns out that the way you see is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and as they make us feel .
They brought the self-esteem on the rsums of our schools .
So let 's change each of us , the way we talk about and we compare to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of age today are becoming agents of confident change in themselves tomorrow .
Let 's do it .
On the five of November November , a guy named <unk> <unk> went into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi named <unk> -- the leader of the Defense League Defense .
At night , initially he was innocent , but being prisoner for other charges , in the company of others , began to plan attacks to about 12 cones in New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and United Nations headquarters .
Fortunately , those plans were brought by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb from 1993 in the World Trade Center could not prevent .
Later on , he would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a <unk> mother , a primary school teacher , the two made all the way to give me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , come to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require much to get the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all religion , there 's always a small fraction of people who were so excited about their convictions who think that we have to use all the possible media so that everyone lived .
A few months before he was arrest , he sat with me and explained to me that in the last weekends , he and some friends , had been going to be shot training on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , was looking at the FBI .
When I got to pull up , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder , and he explained to me how to aim for about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that shot , I gave the little light orange on the target , and for the surprise of everybody , especially me , all the target of flames broke .
My uncle became the other and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
As a parent , such a child .
Everybody , the comment made a lot of laughter , but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting a <unk> , with 700 kilos of explosives in the underground tower in the northern tower Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt each other .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means to uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had moved 20 times , that instability during my childhood did not allow me to make a lot of friendships .
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody 's time , it was a time of packing and leave another city .
As I was always my new face , I was often the <unk> victim .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new of the class , silent and <unk> , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I was going on home reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't have social skills , to say gently , and it was very gently to grow , I was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that put in proof my thinking was during the presidential elections .
In a <unk> program that I participated in at the National Convention in Philadelphia .
And my group was <unk> in the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost my entire life , was something that I felt a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids we had done friendship , was Jewish .
I took several days out of the light this detail , and I realized that there was nothing whatsoever between the two .
I 'd never had a Jewish friend and I felt very proud of having been able to overcome the barrier that my entire life had made me believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found myself with people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All the life had taught me that the <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay was bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors in there , in a show , and I could see that several of them were the kinder and less critics I 'd ever seen in life .
Having been bullied , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat nice people , exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated .
So I was able to contrast the stereotypes that I had taught as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know how that 's being homosexual , but I know what is being judged by something beyond my control .
Then the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest , and I was helping me see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with the character .
In many ways , he became my <unk> figure in a moment that I was desperately <unk> .
At times , inspiration can come from unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how my thinking was changing , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with his eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough competitors and said , `` I 'm tired of hate to hate . ''
At that point , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why do I decided to go out and put myself in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope somebody , one day , who 's trying to take violence , I can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way , that even though I 'm going to join this violent ideology , I did n't get a fanatic .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and their loved ones , because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those acts of acts , like rejection of my father .
With this simplicity , I put it here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much .
Right now there 's a film that projects in your mind .
It 's an incredible <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D and it has <unk> of what you hear and see right now , but that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has scent , taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as a few times of your childhood going into your eyes .
And it 's always a voice superimposed on your conscious thought .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths to be human .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal film , you , you and you .
There 's nothing we know more directly straight .
At least , I know I have a conscience .
I 'm not certain that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If we were n't aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal films ?
Why are we not just robots that we 're getting to produce results without experiencing the internal film ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for consciousness of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the entire 20th century , we would get that vision .
psychology was studying behavior in objectively , neuroscience was studying brain brain , but never nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , everything started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` It 's now the time for science to raise consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flourishing of the scientific work of consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of the science of consciousness in recent years was the search for correlations , correlations in some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work I was proposing Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
Now we understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy .
But this is still a matter of correlations in correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience responds some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain brain areas do , and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , it does n't address the real mystery of this matter : Why all the physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emergent phenomenon like traffic jams , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all cases of emerging behaviors , how the traffic works , how hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they adapt , adapt and metabolize living organisms . They 're all questions about the target works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we talk , how we play chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a materialistic heart materialistic .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I would beat my head against the wall , looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms of physical terms that would work .
But ultimately , I came to the conclusion that it did n't work for systematic reasons .
And I think we 're going to get into this point .
We have a wonderful , wonderful chain . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to hold that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think that consciousness , right now , is an anomaly , something that we need to integrate our worldview , but we do n't know yet how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that at first <unk> <unk> , before we can deal with the consciousness of a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
His crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness .
So the whole idea of the subjective internal movie includes sort of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what we need to do , is to explain the objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and that 's what you study all that needs to be explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a purely reductionist awareness theory , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , for many others , that vision is quite close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time that 's left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
Designers sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks : space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern as the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of nothing else .
Instead , you consider fundamental principles , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the list of the fundamental things <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's found that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass , Newton 's laws , and then applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , space , time , mass , load , then for a question of logic , you have the list .
The most natural thing would be to run consciousness as a fundamental thing , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden it 's not true of science .
It opens up the path to scientifically direct .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass processes , physical processes .
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws that we want to be so simple that we could stamping in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws of rules that we could stamping on a t-shirt .
We do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Every system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision is sometimes called <unk> : Pan , by all , `` <unk> , '' by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , the dogs , the mice , even the microbes from Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with heartbreak when you think , `` Oh , always traveling the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the roses . ''
No , that 's not .
But the thought is that perhaps photons can have some raw , subjective feeling , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little bit crazy to you .
How did someone think something like crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us , it 's much less for the people of different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
One more profound reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that we 're going to think about thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there is information processing , there 's consciousness .
It 's like a human being , like a human being , complex consciousness .
TK : Simple data : simple consciousness .
Something very exciting is that in the recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed them with mathematical methods .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And they 're supposed to have to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there 's a <unk> of information integration , just as significant as a pretty significant degree of awareness .
But when it comes to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> declines .
The level of information integration is less , but it 's not zero either .
In <unk> theory , there will be a different level of <unk> .
It actually offers a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate the consciousness into the physical world .
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but it does n't talk about the reality underlying underneath .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where does the fire come out of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can leave you as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is the one that puts fire on the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not found outside the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to accommodate our relationship with nature , and it can have social and ethical consequences .
Some can be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything to have consciousness , then I must be vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think thinking about it well , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration , it 's not both the fact of consciousness , but its importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the molecular intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> ? ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , they are very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computers and the ethics of <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for a whole collective collective consciousness , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a local level , an integrated group , as the audience in a TED Talk . Right now , we have a collective collective consciousness , an internal film for this entire TED group , different from the inner movies of each one of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least a question you have to take seriously .
So this <unk> vision is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's right .
I 'm actually safer than the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , than the second one that is universal .
vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path towards a theory of serious awareness .
If not , it 's probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 'll finally find it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
He had a very normal profile , a under education profile .
I went to school , I 'm excited with my friends under my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to take a community prize .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not achieved anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a profile under profile in my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the <unk> <unk> and `` <unk> 's Creek Creek . ''
Yeah , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered a achievement if we take disability outside of the equation .
So years later , I was in the second part of teaching at a high school in Melbourne , so only after about 20 minutes at class 11 , a guy raised a boy raised his hand and said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What are speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of <unk> for a good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your defining speech .
When people in chairs , they talk about things going on in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom of acts . ''
And that was when I realized , this child had had experiences with disability with disability as inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the fault of the boy , that 's true for many of us .
For us , disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage of <unk> to what I do in this wheelchair , and probably you 're waiting to inspire you . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid , I 'm afraid .
I 'm not here to get them out .
I 'm here to tell you that you 've lied to be related to disability .
Yes , we 've been sold the lie that disability is a bad one , capital , a capital M .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional .
It 's not a bad thing , and you ca n't make it exceptional .
And over the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more of this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a huge amount of them .
You may have seen one , from the girl without drawing a pencil with a pencil , by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running legs of carbon fiber .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the porn term deliberately , because I 'm going to give you a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we 're going to give the disabled disabled in the benefit of disabled people .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , <unk> , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , because it 's my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But what if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the account of the number of times that I 've approached me strange strangers to tell you that I 'm brave or a source of inspiration , and this is going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was kind of like me to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are attached to people with disabilities in some of the people without disability .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are n't so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is really hard .
Let 's get some things out .
But the things that we did n't do are the things that you might think .
They 're not relative things to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled , '' deliberately because I 'm going to tell you the so-called social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited about it .
It makes the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to get the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens to the kids of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're simply using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So is it really just right in the way we do it , when you share those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it tells you as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because we 've been sold this lie that disability makes us remarkable .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here to get inspiration , and you think , `` Oh my God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I 'm .
I learn from other people with disability at all time .
Yet I do n't learn that I 'm more lucky than them .
Now , I 'm learning that it 's a great idea to use some barbecue tweezers to pick up the things that fall into me -- I learn the clever trick of how to load your mobile phone battery into the chair of the chair .
Great .
We learn from the force and the resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnoses , but against a world that we 're going to do and <unk> ourselves .
I really believe that that lie that has been sold about disability is the biggest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of a staircase has never done that it becomes a ramp .
Never . <unk> on a television screen will not show the subtitles for deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and it makes a positive attitude to turn all those books to braille .
It 's simply not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' is not considered to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have so low expectations of the people with disabilities that we are getting rid of the bed and remembering our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine accomplishment of disabled people , and I want to live in a world where an 11 degree boy in a high school school is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair users .
disability does n't make us remarkable , but to question what you think about it , I know that it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see is augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> <unk> ?
Unfortunately , I just answer one of those questions , so , please do n't get away .
When people think of augmented reality , they think in `` Minority Report , '' and in Tom Cruise <unk> in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
Augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for that , and people need to know , because reality needs to change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step is what I 've been wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that lets them see what I see .
Let me experience what it is to be a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way that I try to be in the field is that I try to figure out .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what 's running through the field to 160 miles per hour , the blood hitting your ears .
You know , we can know that it feels like a <unk> man of 110 pounds we 're trying to get out of it .
I 've been there , and I assure you it 's not nice .
And I 'll give you some videos to show you what is using Google Glass under the helmet , and I 'll give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , it 's not images from the NFL practices , because the idea of the NFL technology is a submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Come on .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Wait a moment . <unk> a little bit .
Ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of <unk> .
You may have realized that lack of people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> : mice 54 ! Mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling of the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they 've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> field angle .
Or ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we go full of it , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it at that level using something called Rift <unk> , which surely many of you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created , and it 's not cheap enough .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to follow playing ! No !
Oh my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life .
What 's the experience of a fan of a fan , when you get a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , <unk> of a <unk> with the arm before I run and make an notation , which will be the experience of a fan of a fan .
When I 'm able to be able to run through the court , I can release the ball into the bottom of the network , or you 're going to get them to <unk> anyway ?
What 's going to be your experience when you 're looking at a mountain at more than 100 miles miles as a Olympic skier ?
Maybe it would be saved by diapers for adults .
But this is not still augmented .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> ?
So we get augmented reality when the coaches and the owners of them see the information about what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a brief refresher on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore slaughter , they put a <unk> out of his field so he would play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the party because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL placed radio in the field of <unk> and then in the early defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next group , you 're shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing . You do n't have to worry about forgetting a little bit .
Or to memorize the strategy .
They just go out into the field and react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow their instructions , they lose parties , and they hate losing parties .
If you lose parties , you 're going to show you like a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just an improved strategies .
Augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve the game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be having a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are down .
You also get information from sensors and <unk> , something that 's already been working on .
And all of that information is send to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to make the good teams of the bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis to stop being just nerds .
Who would have imagined by athletes . Who would have imagined ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that it 's the field of field .
It 's going to be the ball and <unk> .
It 's going to be an open receptor . Suddenly a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you is going to <unk> it . Usually , you do n't see it , but the system of <unk> tells you .
Let 's go to the area of protection .
Another flashlight tells you that there 's an open receptor .
You 're going to get off the ball , but you get down .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receptor sees in its bombsight , an area of grass that lights up and can change the race .
He 's coming up , and he grabs the ball , runs and puts it .
The audience goes mad and fans have followed this way from every angle .
This is something that creates massive emotion in the party .
And I 'm going to make lots of people look at it , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
Augmented reality will be part of sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is , do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it as bread and circus , like our usual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings , to show someone how it is , literally , be in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth for them .
It generates billions of revenues a year .
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how damaging their actions are from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it 's being pursued ?
How much is it also for a Hadfield <unk> or a Neil <unk> <unk> trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science rather than short-term notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality is about .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I was recently retired after 23 years of service in <unk> California .
Most of those 23 years , I spent the country in southern County County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is the world 's beautiful views of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspirational meaning .
Unfortunately , it 's a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , engineer chief superintendent of building the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is practically proof of suicide .
Aid from the bridge is not practical and unlikely . ''
But from its openness , more than 1,600 people have jumped into their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized as such as that , so the fall from it is that it frees you from all your concerns and pain , and the waters that pass under your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free fall of four to five seconds , your body strikes against water about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , normally , are helpless in helpless water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that the ones who were telling this suicide method will realize the death of death to which they 're going to face .
This is the wire .
Except around the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel on the bridge .
Here 's where most people have to have before they get their lives .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in the darker moment , it 's very hard to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young woman was talking to a officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring them back on the railing .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have any formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was n't just a <unk> to those who ate suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since .
Today , veteran officials and psychologists train our new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 of last year when he got a call from a possible guy sitting in the fence near the center .
<unk> , and when I came , I looked at Jason talking to a official Golden Gate .
Jason was only 32 years old , and I 'd flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown up to two times before New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour , talking to Jason , he asked us if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> <unk> , and sent him to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , do n't open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could be more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She came out of pests , sorrows , and all sorts of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He stopped a few moments , leaned on the right , and he was .
This kind of smart guy in New Jersey had just taken out of life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing , because the next day , the family 's rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents in Jason had been asked .
Women collateral damage affect a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or somebody loved suicide ?
What would you say ?
What will say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to speak , but you have to listen .
Listening to understanding .
No <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels , because you probably do n't know .
It 's just being there , you can be the turning point that you need .
If you think that someone is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask them is , `` Other in similar circumstances have thought to end your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They put it to the person in front of them can save her life and will be the turning point for them .
Other signs will go : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to be better ; they 're going to believe that there 's nothing that you can do about it -- recent social isolation , and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady and I 'd like to read her letter .
She lost his son on the 19th of January of this year , and he wrote this email only a couple of days ago , and he 's his permission and blessing that I read .
`` Hello , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go on the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope that you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends that tell your friends , etc .
I 'm still quite numb , but I 'll see more moments to realize that Mike wo n't really go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the dinner party with his father in the 19th of January .
It never came there .
I called the police of <unk> and <unk> it as disappeared as disappeared .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and me reported that the Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
I 'd seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been wrong without suffering a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I replied to a radio call for a possible subject in the sidewalk near the bridge near the north tower .
I led my motorcycle on the sidewalk and looked at this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he noticed immediately the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the time and a half later , I heard Kevin talked about his depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided on his account that day will come back on that lane and give her life another opportunity .
When Kevin went back , he <unk> it .
This is a new beginning , a new life .
But I said , `` What was the thing that made you go back and gave the hope to hope and life another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` I 've heard you .
You stopped talking and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to do it .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , '' you do n't erase the events of March 11 , and you 're one of the reasons that Kevin 's next to us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was crying .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been correctly called <unk> .
She took Kevin when I was only six months , completely unconscious of all of those traits <unk> , but thank God , we now know it .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
Let 's thank God for you .
You 're confident with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the San Francisco Hospital in San Francisco that night , you 're showing you as the patient .
`` Wow , I 've got to solve it ! ''
Today , Kevin is a <unk> and <unk> father of society .
It talks openly about the events of that day and your depression with hope that your story will inspire others .
Aid is not just something I 've found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite the end of his own pain , is robbery the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most of the suicide people , or those who consider suicide , they would n't think to hurt someone else .
They just want their own pain .
Usually , this is achieved by three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've responded and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illnesses and malaria around the bridge .
Out of those incidents that I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour .
For that time , I 'm holding my hand at three times .
At the end point , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , however , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact with that bridge is not killing .
Also , those few who have jumped out of the bridge and lived , and that you can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second that they were leaving the railing to realize that they 'd made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't only connect to <unk> in San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that all and every one of us must be striving for .
Aid can prevent it .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you what you 're not , but in your interior you know what you are , and a question asks you , how do you become that ?
I must be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , I 'm not alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I was finally achieved the dream that I had since a child .
My outside , I was finally consistent with my inner truth , with my inner self .
For the reasons I 'll be referring to later , when I look at this picture , I think , `` You 've got this picture , you get it , you get it . You get it .
But the last October , I discovered that , hardly , I 'm starting .
We all become our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin color or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
They recorded as `` boy '' when I was born because of the appearance of my genitals .
I remember at my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I 'd always wear this shirt on my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why are you always carrying that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to get it .
The gender has always considered a unchanging , but now we know that , really , it 's something more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never let myself share my story , not because I think it 's going to be what I am bad , but why the world deals with those of us who want to break out .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have mom , Dad and a family who took me as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Indian goddess , the <unk> goddess .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage and I remember this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as if something happened to me : This is the kind of woman I 'd like to be .
And when I was 15 , when I still wore man , I met this woman called <unk> .
It 's the director of a transgender beauty contest .
That night she said , `` Why have n't you ever been involved in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if she participated , she was over the expense of inscription and the costume , and that night , I won in a bathroom , I won on the ball suit , and there was a third woman over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was within the world of beauty beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was by queen of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the <unk> goddess , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , he called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that I could go to live in the United States .
I was resistant .
I said to my mom , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be an beauty queen . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know that if you got voice to the United States , you can change the name and gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put it two , and my name was .
She also accompanied me when I was in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand , we do the most sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary for surgery before the name and the gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and `` F . ''
It was a great moment .
For some people , their identity paper means power to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license to live , to feel worthy .
Suddenly , my fears saw <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York who stood alive was his truth , but that , <unk> , he put his life on .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live in .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
Every 20 of November we make a global vigil by <unk> <unk> .
I 'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who were <unk> and stood in front of injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia splinters .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just for me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , no fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , for some day , no longer than 20 of November .
My most profound truth led me to accept what I am .
Do you do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You know , first , thank all my blessings .
I mean , my parents , especially my family , who itself is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to trans young women , I 've been contrast , and sometimes , when they called me , and they told me that their parents could n't accept it . I took the phone , he called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you get this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , no . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table , the topic that some times that assignment does n't do that issue does n't block , and there should be a space that would allow people to stop them , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and asking questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal societies , both patriarchal and tribal societies , parents often meet their kids , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I 'm proud of that .
<unk> began his campaign for defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts would come up in 2011 , by <unk> the senior National Award of peace , it became very famous , a very popular girl in her country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but I 'm now his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at the story of humanity , the story of women is the story of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , right from the beginning , when I was born a little girl , his birth does n't celebrate .
It 's not welcome , not by your father , not by your mother .
The neighborhood comes , gives your mother to mother and nobody <unk> the father .
And a mother goes very much like having a girl .
When it gives birth to the first child , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , he went down , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , she feels guilty as a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter 's newborn daughter , when it grows , it suffers from also .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it 's left home and the school admits of your brothers .
Up until the age of 12 , it somehow has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with your friends on the street , and it can move around the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when he comes back 13 , he 's told to get out of his house without a male driver .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's no longer a free person .
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if he <unk> the code of that course , I could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this assumption of honor , not only the life of a girl , also affecting the life of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of her sisters in the name of the course of course .
And there 's a norm of the patriarchal societies that 's called compliance .
A nice girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if they do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or if you get married with an old man , you have to accept it , because you do n't want to be before .
If you do marry very young , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens at the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to her children .
And this vicious circle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when they were born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like the newborns , to be honest , but when he was there and looked at her eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And so much before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and he called my daughter like that .
But when I looked at it , they were all men , and I grabbed my pen , and I put a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half and a half years old , I was in my school .
You might wonder , why do I have to mention a little girl in a school ?
Yeah , I have to mention that .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in the tribal societies , is a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of your identity and his name .
One to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and the aspirations that can explore its potential for their future life .
I have five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when I was able to get the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative of the relative to the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason for my daughter .
What my father could n't give to my sisters , and I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
And I 'd put it to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to lie in their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just for <unk> .
I 've run all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used the education for the emancipation of emancipation .
I taught my daughters , I taught students to forget the lesson of the obedience .
I taught students to forget the lesson from the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , <unk> for more rights to women , and they 'll be able to get more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was deadly for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of the participation of women in all political and economic activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned from going to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and stopped going to markets .
The musicians were silenced , <unk> girls and singers killed .
<unk> millions , but a few people talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill , and they 're talking about their rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , he got up , and he got up in the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , he was offered himself for the New York Times documentaries , and I spoke on every platform he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It would be <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could n't tolerate their campaign and October 9th of 2012 , they shot him in his head .
It was a day for my family and me .
The world became a great black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered into the ear of my wife , `` I must blame my daughter , to your daughter ? ''
And he said , `` Please , please do n't get away .
Let 's get the fair cause .
It <unk> your life on the cause of truth , because of the peace cause , and because of the education cause , and your daughter was inspired by you and got you together .
Both were on the right path , and God will protect . ''
These little words , I 'm going to spend a lot for me , and I did n't go back to ask again .
When I was in the hospital , and I had severe pains and strong headaches , because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was held by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm fine with my smile , you 'll be able to sit on my face .
I 'm going to get good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was comfort for us , and we 're going to get bored .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the most difficult moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women , is like any <unk> girl .
He cries when he did n't run his homework .
You fight with your brothers , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What 's special in my mentoring that has made so bold to be so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
I do n't know what I did .
Not cut his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you , recently , I 've joined the <unk> group . From Google , where I 've had a <unk> in my office -- the Google visualization of Google <unk> -- but all the work I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I join Google or outside my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma , when you get a brain operation .
Are you still being equally smart or right ?
Otherwise , can you be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the sticky line of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about possibilities and mixtures of chemicals , and try to get to life .
More than once I 've been saved .
But luckily , I have a soul of <unk> , so I decided that I would experience it to try and get the dose of it , because it really does n't have a clear map that I say in <unk> .
I began to test with <unk> different , and I was amazed at how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried a dose and typical chemicals for an 20th man , and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met several types of types , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying to , in fact , an insecure , fixing a problem that I had in front of it , and it just does n't happen .
So , I could n't drive it .
It changed my doses .
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through . Since then I 've got better with men .
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters , and so on , it was reclaim my intelligence after the disease and the operation ; my thought of creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think almost always in images , and that became my key point of view : how do you get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like <unk> , Descartes and Hobbes , look at things like this .
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me , it 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to <unk> thinking and inventive .
So , after several years , I get to find the point right , and I 've already got a lot of great mental illness , really <unk> , really sophisticated and <unk> .
Now , I 'm working on how to bring these mental images , of my mind to the screen screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use your imagination only to drive the world that has the front lines ?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , like how creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scan systems .
So let me show you why I think we 're quite close to coming to this with two recent experiments that have been made in neuroscience .
Both of them used MRI , MRI imaging imaging , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan that 's done by <unk> <unk> and his colleagues at Harvard .
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person looking at an image .
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as we imagined , looking at that same picture .
The column on the right , the column that I created is the content of the central column on the left . You see that the difference is almost .
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar result .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the Jack <unk> lab in Berkeley , California .
They made the brainwaves into unignorable visual fields .
So let 's put it this way .
So in this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they 'd become their brains to create a large array of reactions of the brain to the video footage .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and while they 're going to get a new scan .
The computer , using just the brain of the scanning of the scanning to show what seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see the <unk> of the computer , and on the left , the video that I showed you .
This left us .
We 're very close to doing it .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you look at an image , and when you imagine that same image , you believe in the brain that is the same thing .
This was done with the brain scanning systems that are available today , and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we get it ?
There 's a lot of techniques to do it .
One is opening up the skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not given to that .
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques for images , even me , with the recent outcome of MRI , first we have to ask the next , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get more resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , <unk> magnets only offers small improvements in resolution , do n't increase by thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , we make better magnets .
We can create structures much more complex with slightly different ways , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a large amount of effort in MRI were to make really large magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> and brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in transmitters and receptors of radio radio in MRI systems .
At once , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use magnetic patterns form to the frequencies of FM .
So by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of hearing radio processing , we can actually increase the information that you can extract from one scan .
Also , we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not just the blood fluid fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even direct neural activity . This is sleep .
We will be able to put our ideas directly into direct media .
Can you imagine if we could move over language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to do ?
And how will we learn to deal with the truths of the human thought without filter ?
You thought the Internet is big .
These are big questions .
It would be compelling as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication .
Certainly , this same tool could take the cure disease and similar diseases .
We have a few choices more than opening up this door .
In all ways , pick up a year , will it happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take much more .
We need to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinet .
His closet may be telling some person for the first time that he loves her or telling somebody who is pregnant , or tell someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation for which one has gone through life .
So everything is a difficult conversation , and even though our topics can be able to vary tremendously , the experience of being lived and to get out of that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I worked in the South Side of <unk> <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through various phases of <unk> <unk> : I did n't judge my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> provided Franco as a litany .
And I 'll be assuming that by the <unk> of my short pants , and for me , I had a little bit , I 'd ask myself , `` Hey , are you boy or girl ? ''
And it would appear to be silent silence at the table .
My jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper , and the mother would launch a cold look to his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to go through it .
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised that next time I would say something .
It would have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time I was prepared , and I was about to get into the female issues at the table , and I had Betty <unk> 's quotes .
quote from Gloria Steinem .
Even a piece of the `` Vagina Monologues '' that showed .
So I took a deep breath and go down my eyes and my back a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , staring at me what is not a challenge for a feminist mourning , just a little girl with a question : `` Are you boy , or girl ? ''
So I 'll take a deep breath back , I made myself close to her , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is kind of cool .
I have the short hair like a guy , and I 've seen kid clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a pink pajamas .
Well , I 'm more of the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and said , `` My favorite friends is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . It 's just `` Oh . You 're a girl .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl from the <unk> and I , both of them , was honest with each other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some traces in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the darkness , you ca n't know what the color is .
You just know how you feel living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet was more difficult to come out of his , but this is the thing : the hard thing : the hard thing : the hard thing .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me that explain to someone who have declared broken banking is harder than telling me that it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I 'm telling is more difficult to tell your five-year-old five-year-old that you 're going to get divorced ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We must stop and classify what 's hard about what 's hard for someone else to make us feel better or worse in relationship to our cabinet and we have to just feel empathy because we all live .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinet , and you can make sure you feel security , or at least more security than you 're offering the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I was , who had a horse tail , a dress and shoe shoes .
It was n't militant lesbian ready to fight every single kid who would fit into the coffee .
And I was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet <unk> my gay grenade , and I 'll move just a muscle is as scary as ever .
My family , my friends , full strangers that I 've spent my whole life trying to be disappointed , and now the world turned around to purpose .
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long , but if you do n't throw that grenade down , I 'll kill you .
One of my most memorable grenade launches was on my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time a lot of the guests knew that I was gay , and when I was making my career Lady of honor , in my black dress , and I walked around the tables and finally came to a where the friends of my parents were , people who had met me years .
And after talking a moment , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` <unk> , you 've ever got into Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , do you know my <unk> Antony ?
It 's very good , and it 's never talked about having girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what is your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite show ? Will and Grace show Grace ? Will Grace show ?
And you know who we love ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , <unk> , but instead I desperately daydream about his support , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally said , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , like you have all the grenades launchers .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very hard to find them and realize that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask for somebody , but they would try to strive ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic you get .
That 's how hard conversations are still not going to be my strong point .
Ask anybody that I have come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of <unk> <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what 's going to be out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
It takes armor . Be you .
That girl in the cafe had no armor , but I was ready for the battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , the others have to know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . Just <unk> . <unk> your patches .
If you know they 're gay , they 're <unk> .
If you say to your parents that maybe they might be gay , they 'll keep the hope that that could change .
They wo n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly , let 's get complex .
You communicate your truth .
You would never get rid of that .
And some of you can get wounded , you know , you know , you know , you know , you 're never sorry for what you are .
And yes , maybe some you feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not from you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find in a dark closet , you 're going to get a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they may feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the <unk> .
And what is that ?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous <unk> quote that `` The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique of computer pioneers as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms of intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
So let 's start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they 're from an alien race , that you do n't know anything about the biology of the Earth and the Earth 's neuroscience and the Earth 's Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can look at the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , like Earthlings , we know that the reason would be that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if they 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept on Earth 's intelligence , it 's forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how to , to a moment , the asteroids that <unk> the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it .
And that 's why I claim that this is the same question that we understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I did several years ago , I looked at a variety of subjects through science , through various disciplines , that they said , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fixed , adjusted to development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that will promote the diversity of potential future .
Finally , in robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so , taking all of these different issues and <unk> together , I asked , a number of years ago : Is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent of an E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've ever seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action , or keep the options open , with a force , with the diversity of possible doing future accessible accessible , yeah , to an impending future , hydrogen .
In a nutshell , the intelligence does n't like to get caught .
The intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the options open .
And so , having this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How <unk> is it ?
Do we <unk> the level of human intelligence ?
Will artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that those universes that produce more mess , or `` entropy , '' in their life , they should have trend more favorable conditions for the existence of beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connection is between entropy and intelligence to create a deeper relationship ?
What happens if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long run , but actually directly emerges from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in the long run in any system that finds itself inside .
Amazingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal intelligence , playing human games , and even winning money by taking action , all of that without that it was right to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human foot without falling over , here we see <unk> <unk> would automatically post a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He simply decided to be able to balance the pole .
This ability of balance is going to have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This tool use of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate just pull away from a rope at the same time to release food , here we see that <unk> can actually perform a version of that task .
This ability of cooperation has interesting implications for economic planning and a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable into a variety of domains .
So for example , here we see successfully playing a game of fits against itself , <unk> its potential for play .
So here we see to be able to orchestrate new connections into a social network where friends are constantly going out and keeps the network well connected .
This same <unk> capacity also has health care for health care , energy and intelligence .
So here we see the paths of a fleet of a ships , discovering successfully , and using the Panama Canal to expand its reach out of the Atlantic to the Pacific to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable in problems in autonomous defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and run a strategy of <unk> , <unk> in a simulated set of action negotiation , successfully rising assets under exponentially .
This risk of risk management will have huge applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors , such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one single equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term of the term , the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you 're smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines are packed against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion in reverse .
It 's not that the machines first become smart and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's the contrary , that the impulse to take control of all future possible is a more fundamental principle than intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise directly from taking control , instead of being backwards .
Another important implication is the search for objective .
I 'm often asked , `` How do we look for goals come out of this kind of frame ? ''
My equivalent to that statement to pass the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , it 's the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We are at a turning point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet that we call `` home . ''
Although , in the last few years , we 've extended a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits into the context of the universe .
The Kepler mission of NASA has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting other stars , what points the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope which measures the dim light intensity of stars when the planets go through them , and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance between them and their mother star .
In a set , this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the terrestrial planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light that gets from their suns .
At the time , this gives you clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure of worlds potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
The year 2014 was the hottest most recorded .
<unk> and sea ice , which have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have causing global scale have surpassed our ability to disrupt its ability to disrupt its ability .
But I 'm not a weather scientist , no astronomer .
I study the <unk> of the planet influenced by the stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say that I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone as interested in the pursuit of life in the universe I can tell you that the more I look at planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little further from the sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world shown this by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been livable in the past , and in part , it 's why we studied both to Mars .
Our <unk> like the `` Curiosity '' track its surface is looking for clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , as the <unk> mission , take samples of the atmosphere of Mars , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their Goldilocks .
Companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the tantalizing possibility of living on Mars .
But even though all of these images <unk> remind us of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with <unk> and pioneer ideas , compared to the Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that 's still to colonize , really , really <unk> , compared to Mars .
Even in the most dry and highest places on Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen attached to our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets versus with a big and sad shadow : the implication and the belief from some that Mars will expect to save us from the only single planet that we know that 's truly livable , the Earth .
So I 'm so much like the interplanetary exploration , I 'm deep disagreement with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will have to say that the captain of the Titanic will have place later on the life boats . Thank you .
But the targets for angular exploration and Earth preservation do n't be solved .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , preserve and improving life in the future .
The extreme environments here in our world look like alien spleen .
They just get closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and legitimate areas of the land , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I 'll leave you with a thought experiment : the Fermi paradox .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi physicist asked me , in fact that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of life existence so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough , technologically advanced enough to consider living between the stars , they lose the notion of how important that is protecting the origin of the planets that are going to build this development .
It 's arrogant to think that just the interplanetary colonization will save us from ourselves , but planetary preservation and the interplanetary exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to bend the hostile environments on Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the Goldilocks on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I 'll get my own house .
And while I was on the front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that were at the dining table in the dining table , where I had left them .
So quickly he tried to open up all the other doors and windows , and they were all right .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a long time to come , and it was cold .
I could n't go back home from my friend 's friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning , and I 'd come up with my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but surely I 'm not more expensive than a <unk> at a half night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , you 'd stop standing .
I 'm a neuroscientist neuroscientist , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It sucks cortisol , the heart rate goes up , and you 're going to get rid of the adrenalin levels and you 're going to think .
And when I got to the <unk> counter at the airport , I realized that I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about that eight hours without sleep .
And I started wondering , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in place , which would make it happen to happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , they 're going to make the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later my thoughts .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , the Nobel Prize winner , and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window , and that I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared my passport , and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years before , known as <unk> .
Everybody knows what it is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , as Danny explains Danny , you 're looking forward and tries to figure out all the things that you could go wrong , then you try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to be done or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , some of them are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious ones .
In the house , a place for the things that are lost easily .
This sounds from common sense , and it is , but there 's a lot of science supporting this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to address the location of important things , where the fish are , which is where the fish are , which is where tribes have friends and enemies .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> in London <unk> .
It 's the part of the brain that allows the squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment , they cut the sense of <unk> , and still they could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that are n't moving , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason to lose keys from the car , glasses and passports .
So in the house , you 'd get a place for your keys , a hook next to the door , maybe a decorative dish .
For his passport , a particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular game .
If you get a place , and you 're having your stuff , your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take the cell phone , a photo of your credit card , driver 's license driving , passport , <unk> by mail to themselves .
If these things are lost or steal , this can enable substitution substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> the thought .
So part of the <unk> practice is to recognize that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on it .
And there 's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And to talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> like a <unk> for a whole decision in medical decisions , and in fact , for making decision-making decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you need to take from the fact that you would benefit from an rational facts of facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor , and the doctor says , `` I 've got the result of the lab and your cholesterol , is a little high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack the heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best , so the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've heard about the <unk> , and you know , it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today , and you even know that you know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , let 's get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do then , a statistic that you have to ask for the most doctors do n't want to talk about , and pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for the <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or submit to surgery in any medical procedure before it 's helping a person .
And you have to think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't tell me anything if it was n't to help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not your fault , and if it 's fault of someone , it 's about scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of the drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number needed to deal with the most widely prescribed <unk> , what do you think is ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This according to the research of researchers <unk> regularly <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> independently .
I 'll explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they stop just a single heart attack , stroke , or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , one in 300 of a cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a closer statistic , and it is , `` <unk> the side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects are produced in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating pain and articulate pain , but now they think , `` Five percent is n't very likely to go to me , still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
You remember , under stress you do n't think of clarity .
So think of how you 're going to get this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , right ? A person has helped it , five percent of the 300 have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to come out of exposure to the drug that you can help your drug .
I 'm not saying they should or do n't take the <unk> .
I just say that you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The healthcare is required , it 's part of the informed consent principle .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take care or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air value , but actually this number need to treat is quite typical .
To the surgery that is done in the older men in 50 , <unk> of prostate prostate cancer , the number necessary to treat is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients .
Those include Islam or erectile incontinence , urinary incontinence , <unk> <unk> , fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent effects only about a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before the questions that you can argue to make your conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice so many times , you want a shorter life free , or a longer life that could have much pain in the end ?
These are the things that you 're talking about and you think about now , with your family and your loved ones .
You can change in the heat of the moment , but unless you 're trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face Face with a predator , you do n't need your digestive system or your immune system or your immune system , because if the body is spending metabolism in those things , it does n't react quickly . They might be the lunch of lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that go through the window during those times of stress is the rational thought , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all rejects .
We 're all going to fail every time .
The idea is to think about the future , how could those bugs be , to put systems in the place that helps to minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
It <unk> the night of snow in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , my contractor set up a combination shell with the door , with a key to the entry door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I have n't ordered , and lots of email messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , <unk> is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing gently .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> in the score , you need to play more gently .
Two <unk> <unk> .
Four , <unk> <unk> .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see that it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , we may never get to a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
The language of French signs came over the 1970s , and with the time of time , it mixed with local signs , and it developed the language that we know today about as <unk> .
So , it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that the sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , I realize that it 's not true for nothing .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , actually , in my mind every day .
As a person who lives in a world of sounds , it 's as if I lived in a foreign country , following their rules , customs , behaviors and rules without <unk> .
So how do I understand the sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
Now , learn and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` Do n't fix the door ! ''
`` Do n't do much noise when you eat the potato chips . ''
`` Do n't <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure we do n't know the covered in the dish . ''
So I call this `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm <unk> <unk> of sounds .
And I 'm always waiting with nervousness , about what 's going to come next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , for continuing .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see that the <unk> does n't have notes in the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle <unk> and spots .
In the cultural culture , the movement is equivalent of the sound .
This is the sign for <unk> in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , for me , making it with my thumb , that 's not natural .
That 's why in my drawings , I just have four lines on paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At that moment , the sound was the trend , and that 's called attention .
There was no visual art , everything was hearing .
Now the sound has come into my art territory .
Am I going to achieve more of art ?
I realized that it does n't have to be like that .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it in a tactile way , or to experience it visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and <unk> .
I started to create a new body of work .
And when I presented to the artistic community , I was shocked by the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
At the bottom of my mind , I always felt that the sound was oblivious , it was a kind of a listener .
And the sound is so powerful that I could get it to me and my artistic work , or I could empower .
I chose to get it to me .
There 's a massive culture around spoken language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , the eyes of society is as if I had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant in society today .
So in school , in the work and institutions , I work with many different performers .
And their voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking her voices , I 'm able to keep a temporary form of value , something like taking a loan from a very high interest rate .
If I would n't continue with this practice , I feel that I could be able to do it in oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and express fully on paper .
And the same thing can be said of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very spatial and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all of the signals as much as the sounds like the sounds like the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a metaphor for the piano , so you get better to understand how it works .
So , imagine a piano .
The <unk> divide in many different parameters .
If you mapped a different parameter for every finger while you play the piano , like facial expression , the body 's movement , the speed , the speed of your hand , and so , while you play the piano , English is a linear language , as if you 're going to get just a key at the time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need 10 fingers simultaneously to express a concept of light or idea in <unk> .
If only one key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
The same thing happens to music in terms of tone , timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the signal `` <unk> on that . ''
This is the sign of it .
I 'm looking at you .
<unk> me .
Oh , let me get away .
Uh , oh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at it through the lenses of music ?
If I had to create a sign , and we 'll get it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the sign of `` day , '' the sun goes out and it puts .
This is all day .
If you put it up and <unk> the speed , visually looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can say , `` All night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different types of nights : `` Last night , '' `` night , '' `` night , '' `` every night . ''
I feel that the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time in <unk> and how the distance your body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back .
So , the first example is `` long ago . ''
Then , `` Last '' -- `` <unk> '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea at once , `` Once there was a time . ''
Time English is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times .
However , when I look at the word `` ordinary time '' I think automatically at the same time .
Look at <unk> : right hand , E : `` left hand . ''
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ Face ] [ Face ] <unk> , flashlight , a flashlight .
Can you do it with me ?
All in high hands .
Now we 're going to do it as much as the head as the chest , which is something `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means <unk> in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and narratives of signs around the world .
The second thing I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in the <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` illumination '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` enlightenment . ''
Good job .
And look at how the three signs are very similar . They all occur in the head and the chest , but they transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sounds , it does n't automatically have social value .
We have to begin to question what defines social value and allowing the institution to develop its own value , without sounds .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn to be able to learn , not that you have to learn music .
The <unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to encourage you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
<unk> <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents were telling me , `` You can get it all over , but then you have to clean up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or a bubble of ignorance I have to say , because adults would lie to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I get older , I found out that adults also know that we were also very good to clean the other people from others .
The time I spent , I 'm now adult and I teach citizenship and invention in school schools in Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students as I walk through the beach and lots of crap .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and no , you 're not drinking alcohol , and if you are , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's kind of creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , to collect those plastic bits and study them under the microscope , and we classify them together and put this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use these huge boats .
So along with my students , six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny , in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this <unk> <unk> , so that the kids who are very excited also can participate .
And I 'll tell you , the kids who handle electric tools are really cool and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce it the size that we find in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave it to my students ' imagination .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to figure out something that we expect to work .
We decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- kids get very excited about robots .
And then we went very quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in creating prototypes that we end up before lunch .
And we turned light bulbs and web cameras on accessories and assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly by the water and by the plastic that we have there , and this is the image captured by the robot .
We see plastic bits floating through the sensor , while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get an estimate of how many plastic in the water .
And I took this invention step into a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with the hope that someone else will improve it even more .
The cool thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to figure out how to fix it .
[ I can investigate my local problem ] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 're going to come up with this image .
A child , maybe less than 10 years , cleaning up an oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that they bathe , the water where they fish , the place where they live .
You can also see that water is brown , the mud and oil are also brown color , and when it all merges , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a very first prototype of a prairie that can burn it through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
We put this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh .
The cool thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other kids .
[ I can investigate a problem at distance ] I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , perhaps to address a more difficult problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm a Japanese half and half , and you might remember , that in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it started several giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the East Coast of Japan .
More than 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant of Fukushima , a nuclear station nearby to water .
And today , according to the reports of average 300 tons , you 're still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the West Coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it 's safe , it 's blue .
Well , the reality is a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've gone back to Fukushima every year from the crash and researching independently with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring kids .
Of course we did n't have them , the parents did n't allow them to .
But every night we reported to the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they did , because they 're going to have to live with their entire life .
Together with them , we discussed this day , and we talk about what we were going to do next , the strategies , the <unk> , etc .
And to do this , we created a <unk> map of the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the map of elevation , we 've introduced pigments to represent real time of radioactivity , and it <unk> water to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that the radioactive dust will come from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was estimation estimate .
But based on this , we organized an civil expedition , the closest to nuclear central to date .
We zoom in to 1.5 miles from the nuclear central , and with the help of the area of the area , we were collecting the sediments from the sea floor with a tracker of sediment as we invented and built .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been more frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became a little bit smaller , so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and became the biggest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , of optics , basically , can be built almost from all there .
It 's also a place where adults and kids can play together .
It 's a place where kids ' dreams can become reality with adult help , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in mobility of the elderly population , transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical vehicles ?
Plastic and oil and <unk> are terrible , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we have to make the next generation to worry about the environment and people , and so I can actually do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposite design .
One is made of thousands of steel pieces , the other one of one silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , the other organic .
One gets over the environment , the other thing creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one by her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble marble , he saw a figure that struggle for being free .
<unk> was only an angel by Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we took all of the information for every cell to work and replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world of design has been dominated by manufacturing and mass production .
Now , the assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects as they can make different parts of different parts .
But you do n't find <unk> material in nature .
Think about the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The hair 's fur are thicker with little pores .
One acts primarily as filter , the other mainly as the barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that varies its functionality through <unk> variation .
Here 's a split screen that represents my vision of the divided world , the double personality of every designer and an architect when we work on the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between assembly and the growth , between assembly and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows on the two screens after me .
My work , at its simplest level , tries to unite these two visions of the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering , why now ?
Why was n't it possible for this 10 or even five years ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where four different disciplines that offers people access to the tools that we never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please meet the minds and hands of my students .
We designed objects , products , structures and tools across scales , scale , like this robotic arm with a reach of 24 meters in diameter with a force that someday not far far away to print whole buildings , and graphs to <unk> <unk> made out of the darkness .
Now , here we 've been able to get there , an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every groove is a unique size to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the ability to create a layer and a skirt , and this was for a fashion parade of Paris <unk> <unk> ; it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with <unk> 3D printing collaborator , we print this layer and 3D skirt without seams . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments , allows design products to fit not only the form of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at the structural time , comfortable and also absorbs sound .
Professor Carter , my collaborator , went back to nature to be inspired , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We 're going to take this surface of 44 different properties , which vary from stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , like in nature , its functionality is not through the addition of another material or another assembly , but continually <unk> the material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
Is n't there parts in nature ?
I did n't grew up in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she <unk> , `` In the third day of the Creation , God sends the Earth to grow up a hot tree of fruit . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made the trees grow with branches , cortex , stems and flowers .
The land created a world made of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would be the design if the objects were made from one piece ?
Do we get a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree of <unk> tree , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We would make a lot of shrimp shrimp , the <unk> and we produced paste <unk> .
<unk> chemical concentrations , we 've been able to make a wide range of properties , from dark , tough and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple <unk> nozzles .
The robot could vary the properties of the way and create these structures made from a single material three , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , you dry it up to find a natural way with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process used to contain silent microorganisms , which appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , <unk> the genetically engineered bacteria to capture carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make their transition out of <unk> problems , and if it becomes even more , to windows .
A hot tree <unk> tree .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water , and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we have transformed a structure made of shrimp shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : for those designed objects , put in the sea , <unk> marine life , and placed on the ground , will help grow a tree .
The match for our next principles of design was the solar system .
We 're looking for the ability to create clothing to keep the life for <unk> travel .
To do that , we should master bacteria and control their flow .
So , like the periodic table , we made our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made in a <unk> fashion and <unk> form .
I like to think of synthetic biology like the liquid alchemy , just that instead of <unk> beautiful metals , they will become new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 're going to get our own 3D channels to control the flow of these bacterial bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria living in the human intestine .
One turns the light into sugar , the other consumes sugar and produce useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship in a piece of clothes .
Think of it as evolution , not natural selection , but evolution for design .
In order to contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like to the digestive tract , which is helping that flow out of these bacteria and that they can make their function function .
So we started growing those channels in the human body , which is <unk> the properties of the material according to desired functionality .
If we wanted to have more photosynthesis , they would make more transparent channels .
This is a portable digestive system , when it stretch from one end to another , 60 meters away .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our <unk> intestine .
And here is , as we 're looking at at TED , our first portable photosynthetic channels with life within the clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're dead creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half ?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter ?
What if we could create personal <unk> that we 're going to make our skin , build the broken tissue and hold our bodies ?
Think of this as a way we edit biology .
I call this the material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So now , you know , a 3D printer prints out material in layers .
You also know that nature does n't do that .
It 's growing . It 'll be able to sophistication with sophistication .
This cocoon of worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home within which it was <unk> .
<unk> is not about this level of sophistication .
It does it through the combination of not two materials , but two proteins at different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other one is the glue or the matrix , putting those fibers together .
And this happens across scales .
The silk worm first turn on the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts to get a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , manifest in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to the row .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of dots in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the cocoon of silk worm .
However , when we put the silk worm into a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that we 're going to get a flat cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon of cocoon , <unk> directly through the environment .
Often , the silk worms are going to fall up to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid of , and it 's used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could shape raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
It 's <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we actually climb this process up to architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot making silk templates , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that the silk worms were moving into the most dark and dark areas , so we use a solar road diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays from light and heat , distributes the silk worms over the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
We were going to make us 4,000 silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after to feed them four weeks , they were prepared to come up with us .
We put them carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding , and while <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , stick eggs , and life starts again , like us , but much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and it was right .
When we recover biological silk on <unk> silk , it 's all this pavilion , its integrity .
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , 4,000 <unk> worms are 4,000 miles .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now we moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk tag through a robotic arm , the other <unk> .
If the last frontier of design is to give life to the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , the designers must bring these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at first .
Here 's a new age of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design inspired by nature to a very inspired nature of the design , which demands of us , for the first time , that we 're taking care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you 've ever asked them , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
If you had to remember how old they had when they were asked for the first time ?
You can touch it with your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five .
Now , raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be like ? ''
It 's caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked the English and kill them and art , and he took websites , and also playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general , I like to test and persist anyway , for having spent a lot of time and energy sometimes in this field .
But over time this feeling of boredom , this feeling of , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to tell me about something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get myself into it , and I 'll just let you get , and I 'm going to get , `` Yes ! I 've found mine . ''
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole thing into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , denying all of my other passions , and I 'd come to <unk> .
Another reason why I caused so much anxiety was a little bit more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad at me did n't get anywhere .
I was worried about having a fear of commitment , or being dispersed , or <unk> or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to ask you then .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned : they learned from the culture .
And we 're really asked , `` What do you want to be more ? ''
When we have about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what we 're going to do at that age .
It 's considered a naive question to generate cute responses in kids like , `` I 'll be an astronaut '' or `` I want to be dancing , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
And I 'd run the Halloween suit here .
This question we 're doing over and over again as you grow up with various forms , <unk> , to high school students are asked to go to the university .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise before we get away from sleep .
Why ?
Now , while this question inspires kids to dream with what they might be , it 's not inspired to dream with everything they might be .
In fact , it does n't do the opposite , because when somebody asks you what you want to be , you ca n't respond with 20 different things , although well-intentioned adults maybe laugh and say , `` Oh , how nice , but you ca n't be a skilled and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob <unk> , and he 's a artisan and <unk> microscope .
And this Amy Ng , a magazine editor turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and creative director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
Everything you hear is that they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real calling , the idea that every one of us has something to do for your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different issues that wake up with curiosity and many different things that you want to do ?
There is no place for someone like one in that frame .
And so you can feel just .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And to feel that there 's something wrong with you .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath that I mean .
It could help if you divide in three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms of terms of the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
At the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's give you any term you like or make your own one .
It seems to me as a kind of <unk> to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or distress that you should beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , is that there 's huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization of data , travel , math , math and design , when I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates inspired inspired geographically .
By <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea of his eclectic mix of skills and experiences .
Innovation happens at intersections .
There 's the new ideas coming out .
And the <unk> , with all his background , can access a lot of these points at intersection .
Second <unk> superpower is fast .
When we were <unk> , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because it 's been many times in the past , and this means that we 're less afraid of testing new things and leave our comfort zones .
Many skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area that we 're chasing , so we rarely start from zero .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> and writer <unk> .
As a girl , as a child , he refined an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before becoming a writer , <unk> was a financial planner .
He had to learn the most fine sales mechanics when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write compelling marks for editors .
It 's rarely a waste of time to do what you 're attracted to , even if the end drops it .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a whole different field , in a way that you could n't have foreseen .
The third superpower is adaptability . It 's the ability to turn on anything that you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes the director of videos , another , <unk> designer , sometimes a Kickstarter , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
The magazine Camp Company defines adaptability as the most important ability to development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are individuals and organizations that can be able to meet the needs of the market , which we actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , quickly learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that would be able to lose if they 're pushed to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encourage people to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need creative thinkers thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in their heart , specialists .
They came from the womb knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing bad at you .
In fact , some of the best teams come up from a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep up and put in practice ideas , and the <unk> offers a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're connected to how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , at least <unk> are encourages them to become more like their specialized partners .
Once I said this , if there 's a thing that you take away from this talk , I hope that 's going to be , you know , you 're going to get it with your inner wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to hang on all the media .
That 's where you 're going to give the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who have just been aware of being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I tell you , `` <unk> with your many passions . ''
Keep his curiosity for those rabbit <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
Our inner wiring leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps the most important thing , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year <unk> , a woman named <unk> took her to a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> and I could n't remember even the most basic details of his life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
And I did n't know how to help <unk> , but she would hold through it until , unfortunately , he passed away in 1906 .
After his death , he was doing an autopsy , and they found strange plates , and it comes into the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give it more help than the <unk> gave him to replace .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From <unk> medicine has advanced a lot .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , antiretroviral drugs for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But little has been made on Alzheimer 's disease .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think of this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affecting 40 million over the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you expect to live until 85 or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's being almost one in two .
In other words , there 's the likelihood that it 's going to happen their years Alzheimer 's or helping take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's care costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare are spent on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today , it 's the most expensive disease , and their costs to increase a five-year increase in 2050 , as the generation of the spreads boom .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's one of the biggest medical challenges of our generation .
But it 's done relatively little to <unk> .
Today , one of the first 10 causes of death worldwide , Alzheimer 's the only one you ca n't prevent , cure or even slow their development .
We understand less than the Alzheimer 's disease because we 've spent less time and money in the research of the same .
U.S. government spends 10 times more times as a cancer research research than Alzheimer 's disease , despite the fact that we cost Alzheimer 's disease and cause a similar year of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what few people know , but everybody should be : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last Nations , everyone , even , scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But there 's only to look at a picture of a healthy brain compared to a Alzheimer 's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to unleashed a severe memory of memory and mental skills , the damage caused by Alzheimer 's disease significantly significantly than life expectancy and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and these strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
We now know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like a origami .
There are places on paper that are obsolete .
And when it folds right , these sticky dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky points are left on the outside .
This makes the molecules of protein <unk> each other , forming groups that can form great plates and replicate .
That 's what we see in Alzheimer 's brain .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and the identification of what step step-by-step is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step that goes in , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of them have reduced the wires and waited better .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticist , chemicals , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . It 's now testing a new kind of drugs that are blocking specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our latest results .
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet .
So let 's look at some videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see it moves with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that sticks into each other , like humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive outcome , but research as this shows that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After Tunisia , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But so that it grows that hope to beat Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We must prevent Alzheimer 's disease , and if we try , we can <unk> it .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have spent more research and practiced pressure over governments , pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late '80s .
Today we see that same unit to overcome cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , caregivers of their loved ones and night , are often too much to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain is running at risk .
Today , there 's 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change that they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column from the New York Times , in January of this year .
In love with someone , I do this .
The paper is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and my own experience to test it myself one night last summer .
So the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers were <unk> to become 36 and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you 'd come to another person ?
And only ?
We mediated , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : I really like -- Tell your partner what he like about him or her , and I know that this time , and I gave things that you do n't know .
When I came across this study a few years ago , a detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but , of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the chance of testing this study , with somebody who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to go .
But yet , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the column Love we just a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you are probably wondering , are they still wondering , still ?
And the reason that I think , you know , is because they 've done this question over and over in the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to the subject .
One week before the article was published , I was very nervous .
I 'd been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I had asked me to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog blog can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably be a few thousand views .
And that has been a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he got , I had no idea .
The article was published on a Friday at night , and on Saturday , this happened in the traffic of my blog .
And Sunday , I 've already called the Today Show , and the Good <unk> America .
In a month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , for saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to encourage trust writing honestly about your own personal experiences , but another thing is to find out that love love of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called or writing , what they did every day for weeks , they always did the same question : they 're still doing together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search for my email from my email with the phrase , `` They still follow together ? ''
And several messages appeared immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey , where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately put red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was not prepared for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's experiences , which included readers of readers when I test it in different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all of this attention was to be very secretive with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
They <unk> TV interviews , and he refused to make them pictures of us .
I think it was afraid to become the icons of the <unk> process , and a range that I did n't feel at all the same time .
And I understand that people did n't want to know if the study worked , they wanted to know if it really worked : I mean , if it was capable of producing love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially people asked the wrong question .
How do we know if we would follow together or not , and then then tell them ?
If the answer was not , would the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for interpersonal approach between college students , using what Aron called <unk> , sustained , reciprocal and reciprocal <unk> .
It sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
Participants were felt more close to doing it , several studies also used the <unk> <unk> protocol , and we think of Aron as a fast way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it between people of opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately never published .
And a few months ago , I was giving a talk at a very small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and told me with shyness : I tried the study and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled by it .
And I mean , you mean , you want to say that you 'd come from the person who you did ?
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I said , `` But did they get better friends ? ''
Did you feel better to know better after testing the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
Yet I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I met the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , what was supposed to pretty much be an adult life , and he was my first love love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without it .
So I went through science .
And I did all that I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that could kind of explore the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this in the moment I thought I just went through the book that I would write , but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built me with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad , and I used to feel like I felt so .
And all this knowledge has been useful in one way or another .
I 'm more relaxed . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I look for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than what I 'm going to reasonably make me .
What I look for love is a guarantee , not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow , but to remain loved indefinitely for the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way to be able to mitigate something about implicit , and this is a very appealing story , because in love makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also scary .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The version of the story that says , are still together ?
And your content with a reply or not .
So more than a question , I would propose that we make questions harder , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How do you stay in love with when things come up , and how do you know when to cut and distance ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with your partner doubt ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a known thing , and I 've applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , and I 'm very happy .
But in love that is not the same thing to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article , I wrote : Love did n't happen .
They fall in love because we take the choice of being .
And I wince a little bit of reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , it was n't considered to be that choice .
It was n't considered how many times you have to make that decision , and how much times I have to keep making that choice without knowing before he would always choose or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and responded 36 questions , having chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and fun and having expressed that choice in the largest United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is turning my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I 'm looking for , and what I 'm looking for is my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want to be the happy I implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article that I actually did n't write .
But what I have instead is a chance to love someone , and the hope that he also love to love , and it 's scary , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by some lesbian on full of a mountain , and in a way I became a <unk> of the forest .
It really affected me , in New York City a time ago , something that really affected me , but more detail later .
I 'll start with when I was eight years old .
He took a wooden box , and he took a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in the Colorado somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some of the strangers of some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and <unk> how our species exchanging ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's kind of grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go outside and surfing and all these weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took off all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> like Agnes Martin , the covered in resin and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid to bees , and he 's attached to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking it could be <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened , somehow it seemed to grow up size , as if you were to get the text on a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I began to add electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that my God can draw in space .
I can flow out , draw the same as it 's done about a body in the crime scene .
And I took the objects and I created my own taxonomy of invented specimens .
First , <unk> -- that you might be able to get an idea .
Then I did some insects and weird creatures .
It was very fun to draw in the resin layers .
And it was great , because I started building exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I became interested in the human form , of resin <unk> of natural beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was lost .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work with something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was inspired by the `` The garden of delight , '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting at the Museum of <unk> in Spain .
You know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little ahead of their time .
Well , the triptych .
It weighs 11,000 pounds .
5.5 meters long .
It 's twice as expensive , so it 's 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little bit weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and the lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animals heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going from the world of representation , to this mesh of analog strategies where they hide .
Here 's where creatures with animals heads are headed to <unk> , lists to commit suicide in the ocean .
The ocean is made of thousands of elements .
This is a bird 's god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the platform -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> -- the hut of Osama Bin Laden , there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
Anyway , also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand goes out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological self that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of `` triptych . ''
It 's a little narrative .
That 's the hand that spits spits out .
And then when you go to the other side , you have a nose , like a bird 's peak , and it spits out clouds from this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail , a snake tail that joins the triptych .
Anyway , his tail turn on fire to <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that happen , you know .
His tail ends up in a <unk> <unk> from 1986 from 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards of terrorists .
It takes me to my last project . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and things are encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a form of human being , and travel in 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they come together , divide .
And you can walk in between them . It 's getting me .
Each is basically a microscope <unk> that weighs <unk> kilos with a human being trapped inside .
This has a little cave in the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can get the input .
I 'm going to come up with the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever you have , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick practice of these works because I ca n't afford them for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a body party in half .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between two .
There are some pills coming out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside the ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , like the boxes that we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called self-fulfilling <unk> .
Within this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a musician , a writer , a radio park , a museum , a school , an editorial arm that spreads all the content that we do in the world , and a garden .
They put out the box and all the people inside hits each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you prohibit who you are and the box in which you 're living .
And together we get to realize that we 're all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , borders , the borders , the religion , it does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those sweet things , and we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do you do when you hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first of the stomach , the intestines and other organs .
I 'm going to take a pill is the most effective system and it 's going to be the most effective system for any drug that will affect the body .
The disadvantage , however , is that when you do any drug is diluted out .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they serve them to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the count of cells .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time they take your blood current , they will be destroyed , and worse even over the time that it takes to reach their destiny , which is where it 's more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily get into the blood flow of the patients that are <unk> to regular therapy .
But after treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the drugs today that is a treatment for life to run by oral lives .
One day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we make the treatment directly into the warehouse of the virus , without the risk of dilution of drugs ? ''
As a scientific expert on lasers , the answer was front of me : lasers , of course .
If you use it in dentistry , for care of wounds and diabetes , you can use it for anything you can imagine , including transportation <unk> of drugs .
In fact , we 're already using <unk> pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes , which open and close and close to almost the cells that are infected with HIV to put drugs .
You ask , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a small beam of laser beam over the cellular membrane with HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or Petri dishes , but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' you can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 're going to make an incision on the infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is heading to the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , it releases it directly into the site of infection , whereas the laser is used to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't look very much .
But one day , if it 's successful , this technology can lead to the eradication of HIV in the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all of HIV researcher -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've studied military armed groups -- military organizations like terrorists , insurgents or militia .
Here 's what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do fieldwork , in the world of politics and in the library .
To understand these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in progress , because the war has changed .
I used to be a dispute between states .
No .
Now it 's a conflict between states and actors .
For example , the <unk> peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> were signed up between a state and an actor .
So we have to understand these groups , we have to even engage them or put them into any process of successful conflict resolution .
But how do we do that ?
We need to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons they struggle , how they do it , but nobody analyzes what they do when they 're not fighting .
The armed struggle and policies were not dedicated .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global vision .
The armed groups of today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> , known for his violent encounter against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a social services network and a military device .
Similarly , Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
It 's going to be a complex machine : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And here they have ISIS magazine , printed in English and published .
The armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising funds , but by using cost-effective businesses -- for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , put together professional training programs .
<unk> offers all of these services and more .
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't provide -- security and protection .
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn down the war or even the principle of ISIS rise , can be understood as well as the efforts of these groups to provide security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a price high for the population .
But in general , providing social services means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap by the government , and allow these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the election victory of 2006 in the Palestinian Hamas ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex stage , even in the West , when we look at the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or vision vision .
These groups are hybrids .
<unk> , because fill in gaps with <unk> gaps , and they emerge as armed and political groups , participate in nonviolent struggle and give governance .
And the more complex and sophisticated people are these organizations , we can least be able to do it as opposed to a state .
How would you call a group like <unk> ?
They 're part of a territory , they run all their functions , collect garbage , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what 's ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a state of states , of no state and hybrids , and the weaker are the states , like in the Middle East , more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in military tools .
It 's going to be that gap of government to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important also to establish and strengthen peace .
If we understand better than armed groups , we better understand what incentives to offer to encourage the transition from violence to non-violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can win some battles , but it will not give us peace and stability .
In order to get these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum vacuum , to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid that accepting a lot of the feminist label would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore I 'm going to tell me as a bad feminist .
Or , at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` Bad feminist , '' and then in interviews , people started calling me <unk> <unk> .
So , what started as a personal joke meant myself and a deliberate provocation , it has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth , and the 20 years , I had strange ideas about feminist , these women <unk> , angry with men and they hated sex , as if that was a bad thing .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , it looks perfectly reasonable response .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people in the <unk> that could be feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I 'd become like a woman who does n't follow the rules , who asks too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe that it 's equal or superior to a man .
No one wants to be that a rebel woman , until you realize it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I was growing , I started to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
To me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
Do n't make the same paycheck for the same work .
We have right to travel around the world like <unk> , free of harassment , violence .
We have right to use it right and affordable the contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without any need for legislative controls or doctrines <unk> .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When it 's talking about the needs of women , we have to realize our other identities .
We are not only women .
We are people with a different body , expression , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and skills much more .
We have to have to account these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a mess .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive the work , I listen to rap music for everything .
Although the letter degrades the women and I 'm deeply offends me , the classic `` Dear <unk> . ''
`` Do you reality with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , let 's go , move it up until it hurts the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all the domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> and <unk> maintenance and <unk> maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The pink is my favorite color .
I love fashion magazines and things like nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and romantic comedy , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that you 're actually doing .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise your kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that women are economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
It <unk> the conventional wisdom that has ignored or <unk> , historically , the needs of color women , the workers , gay and transgender women , in favor of white and white , middle class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
The next thing : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted on a pedestal .
We hope that we would avoid perfection .
And when we were bored , we disengaged with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I already consider myself to get rid of that pedestal before you try to get there .
Too many women , particularly innovative and leaders in the sector , are afraid to be tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm feminist , '' for fear of what that tag means , because of fear it 's not being able to fulfill the little realistic expectations .
Take for example to <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist declared .
In <unk> 2014 , on MTV , acted in front of the word `` feminist . ''
It was a magnificent show , seeing this pop star embracing feminism and making the women and young men who be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics started endless arguments if they were n't just feminist .
It would make her feminism , instead of just believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection , because we 're still fighting for a lot , we want a lot , we need a lot , we need a lot .
We 're going to go far beyond sensible and constructive criticism , to make sure the feminism of any woman , tear it down until there 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
Uncle feminism , or more well , a more inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We have to recognize our imperfections by giving accounts , will happen to action and be a little bit more brave .
If I listen to degrading music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy to provide an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until we change change actually affecting their profits .
It certainly is hard .
Why has his music to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions justify this , it makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
These are two great , <unk> , bright , and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world .
Where they are appreciated by the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option looked at it as much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the canal when a television program is treating women 's sexual violence against women like sport , <unk> the Game of Thrones .
We can change the radio transmitter when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when movies do n't treat women as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting sports professionals where athletes treat their companions as a boxing drawer .
In any case , men , especially white men , heterosexuals can say , `` No , I 'm not going to post in your magazine , participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't include a number of enough women , so much to participate in how to make decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also afford to be included as well as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to make decisions .
Because we 're not groupers anymore , without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these small acts of bravery and expect our decisions to come to the top , to the people in the power directors and producers and music , the CEOs , the legislators who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create a lasting change and significant change .
We can also tell the courage to feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` <unk> will be a bad feminist not to be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say , mostly , because my voice was stolen and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call this incident to address what happened .
And a few guys would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started believing that it was nothing .
I 'm going to have my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm going to become a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and of the women who looked like me and understood what meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little bit brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world is trying to tell us that we are .
In a hand , I have the power to achieve anything .
And in the other hand , I hold the reality humbling reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave , when you need a little bit more about such an bravery .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California were measles , or because they were exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border to Canada , infecting more than 100 children in Uganda .
One of the <unk> things about this outbreak is that measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , was n't the article that unleashed the basis of autism and vaccines , disqualified and painted because of being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't you believe most of the intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents all over the world are still unable to argue that vaccines are going to pay for their kids to have autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard about it create to develop their whole professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , prevalence estimates kept stable only three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting .
fundraising companies like <unk> <unk> is routinely routinely autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people the Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta , what 's going on , they tend to be based on phrases like `` diagnostic criteria '' and `` a better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't dissipate much the fears of a young mother looking for his face of two years , the visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to scale , why were they so tight at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow progress and cared about the science that with the <unk> power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , the doctors told a story about what autism is and how they discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital , in 1943 , <unk> published a paper that describes 11 young patients who looked like private worlds who looked like private worlds .
They could have fun for hours waving their hands in front of their faces , but they were completely afraid of panic because they would n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the base of the treated patients in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , I declared that I 'd seen less than 150 true cases of its syndrome as you pick up the references of places as far as South Africa .
This is really no wonder , because the criteria for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to give kids to children with convulsions , but we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once it was <unk> that he had become nine from 10 children to her office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they have kept in a fridge that would n't be <unk> .
At the same time , however , I noticed that some of his young patients had special skills to cluster in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before the age of two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he properly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But <unk> had a bad opinion of these skills , saying things like kids were just telling them what they 'd heard their parents ' parents , desperate to earn their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was rare .
<unk> <unk> , London psychologist in London , thought that the theory of <unk> mothers ' theory was pretty stupid .
She and his John John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter named Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a little girl with no support services , without special education , and without access to other resources without diagnosis .
To defend the National Service , they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
It was going to be a suburb in London called <unk> to try to find the autistic kids in the community .
What you saw , I made sure that the <unk> model was too limited , because the fact of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't talk at all , while others were <unk> in their fascination by astrophysics , in dinosaurs or in the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit beautiful , <unk> pictures , as Judith said , and saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did n't you have noticed these kids before ?
But then I found a reference to an article published in 1944 , the next year to the <unk> article , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
You know , I knew about this article of competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioning in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband was talking German , and he translated it to her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's in a school in Vienna in Vienna in the 1930s .
So the ideas of Asperger 's teaching children were <unk> , even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic started with exercises with music , and the kids follow his games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a lifelong disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and <unk> spaces over the course of all life .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he had been able to help in developing methods of education that were especially right for them .
Basically , there is autism as a diverse diverse growing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and have always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He was beyond even saying , that for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that he was wrong in that autism was <unk> , so the parents were the judgment .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the American Association of situations to expand the diagnostic criteria that reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the 1980s , the early 1990s , their changes in force , by replacing the limited model of <unk> by a broad and inclusive .
These changes do n't drop in broken feet .
I mean , when <unk> and Judith worked in the back to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before he went out `` Rain Man '' in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable acting acting of Hoffman like Raymond <unk> and the recognition of `` Rain Man '' with four awards of the Academy , pediatricians , and teachers and parents all over the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , it was introduced at the very early clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I did n't have to have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' changes the changes on the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism consciousness .
The numbers of diagnoses started rise , just like predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact expected that they were , and they made the people with autism and their families finally get the support and the services that they were deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines on the diagnoses , a simple , powerful , powerful history , credible history as the theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of prevention of prevention , one of every 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum , right , the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are puzzles to solve by the new medical breakthroughs , which are <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , it does n't mean it 's broken .
According to the autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social obsessionally , and it 's quite a attention deficit .
No doubt , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still getting Asperger 's , which creates that the cure for the most autism aspects are found in understanding the teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on deck to <unk> the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse into an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste or a brain .
Thank you .
